people in suits standing by a table with a red tablecloth.	people are sitting down at the table.	Non-paraphrase
people are looking at things at some kind of exhibit.	people are looking at things in the water.	Identity
a sportswoman in a red, white, and blue shirt finishes with a swing.	a woman is wearing red white and blue	Addition/Deletion
kids outside a third world school.	the kids show up to demolish the school.	Non-paraphrase
a baseball player kicks up dirt sliding in front of a catcher.	people are playing baseball	Non-paraphrase
players in red uniforms on the bench during a hockey game.	players were sitting on a bench	Addition/Deletion
two young fair girls are smiling a posing together while they ride in a boat wearing floatation vests.	the girls are under the age of 18 years old.	Non-paraphrase
three men working together in a field.	the men are working hard in the field.	Non-paraphrase
a guy with long hair, black shirt and white shorts about to play a drum.	the man with short hair is going to play the guitar.	Non-paraphrase
a bunch of teens and kids with skateboards on a ramp that has a red b logo on it.	a group of kids are skateboarding.	Addition/Deletion
a group of kids on a merry-go-round, playing at the park.	a group of kids are playing tag on the merry-go-round in the park	Identity
the fawn, named after dr duane kraemer, one of the researchers, was born a few months ago.	the fawn, named for university researcher duane kraemer, turns 7 months old today.	Semantic based
"i´m very proud of the citizens of this state," gov. john baldacci said.	im very proud of the citizens of this state, said gov. john baldacci, a casino foe.	Punctuation changes
in the second quarter last year, the company experienced a net loss of $185 million, or 54 cents a share, on sales of $600 million.	the company posted a net loss of $185 million, or 54 cents per share, in the year-earlier period, it said in a statement wednesday.	Semantic based
pope john paul has health problems but is firmly in charge of the roman catholic church, the pope's top aide told reuters on friday.	fletcher will not do that, said his campaign manager, daniel groves.	Non-paraphrase
florida’s third district court of appeal said on wednesday the original proceedings were “irretrievably tainted” by misconduct by attorneys for the class.	courant staff writers matt eagan and ken davis contributed to this story.	Non-paraphrase
kedo spokesman, roland tricot said: "the executive board decided to refer this question to capitals.	"the executive board decided to refer this to the capitals," the korean energy development organization said.	Change of order
goold said reporters' calls to peterson may have been monitored.	prosecutors said interviews peterson gave reporters may have been monitored in case the fertilizer salesman confessed.	Addition/Deletion
garner said the self-proclaimed mayor of baghdad, mohammed mohsen al-zubaidi, was released after two days in coalition custody.	garner said self-proclaimed baghdad mayor mohammed mohsen zubaidi was released 48 hours after his detention in late april.	Change of format
kelly boggs' column will appear daily during the june 17-18 southern baptist convention annual meeting in phoenix.	kelly boggs, baptist press' weekly columnist, will be writing a column each day during the southern baptist convention's annual meeting this week in phoenix.	Non-paraphrase
fidelity investments, the nation's largest mutual-fund company, said it received a subpoena from new york attorney general eliot spitzer's office regarding its investigation to potential fund-trading abuses.	fidelity investments has received a subpoena from new york attorney general eliot spitzer, who is investigating charges of market-timing and late-day trading in the mutual fund industry.	Non-paraphrase
the legislature on wednesday sent gov. jeb bush a bill it hopes will lower malpractice insurance rates and keep doctors from limiting their practices or moving out of state.	the legislature on wednesday approved a bill that caps damages received by medical malpractice plaintiffs in the hopes it will lower insurance rates and help the state retain doctors.	Non-paraphrase
since sept. 11, 2001, the six largest airlines have lost a combined $18 billion.	three southern politicians who risked their political careers by fighting against bigotry and intolerance were honored monday with john f. kennedy profile in courage awards for 2003.	Non-paraphrase
tate was 12 when he was charged with beating tiffany eunick, 6, to death in july 1999.	sales for the quarter beat expectations, rising 37 percent year-on-year to 1.76 billion euros.	Non-paraphrase
named after the msblast.exe file that contains the program, msblast continued to spread to new computers on thursday, but the rate of infection has slowed significantly.	named after the msblast.exe file that contains the program, the msblast internet worm infected more than 300,000 computers since monday.	Non-paraphrase
the value will total about $124 million, including convertible securities, according to corel.	including convertible securities, the total estimated value of the deal is $124 million, according to corel.	Change of order
such a letter indicates the government intends to pursue an indictment and believes it has substantial evidence to support an indictment, the company said.	the kenilworth-based company said it believes the letter shows that the government plans to pursue a criminal indictment and likely has substantial evidence supporting an indictment.	Change of order
if people took the pill daily, they would lower their risk of heart attack by 88 percent and of stroke by 80 percent, the scientists claim.	taking the pill would lower the risk of heart attack by 88 percent and of stroke by 80 percent, the scientists said.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
after the houston event, bush returned to his crawford, texas, ranch, where he will host italian prime minister silvio berlusconi on sunday and monday.	the minister said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14-member cell believed to have carried out the five almost simultaneous attacks in casablanca on friday night.	Non-paraphrase
and if we don't do this, innocent people on the ground are going to die, too."	crews are told: "if we don't do this, innocent people on the ground are going to die", he said.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
we are currently trying to understand the scope and details of the investigation. . . .	weber said late thursday that the company is still trying to understand the scope and details of the investigation.	Inflectional Changes
rowland was making an appearance at a holiday party for families of connecticut national guard soldiers assigned to duty in iraq and afghanistan.	doctors say one or both boys may die, and that some brain damage is possible if they survive.	Non-paraphrase
her lawyer, william zabel, could not be reached.	ms. kennedy cuomo's lawyer, william d. zabel, said she would not comment.	Non-paraphrase
however, epa officials would not confirm the 20 percent figure.	only in the past few weeks have officials settled on the 20 percent figure.	Non-paraphrase
shares of mcdonald's corp. and wendy's international inc. continued a modest run-up on the new york stock exchange monday.	shares of mcdonald's and wendy's continued their recent recovery monday, rising more than 1 percent on the new york stock exchange in afternoon trade.	Semantic based
sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.	the product can be instructed to permit business-only use, according to sendmail.	Change of order
scientists believed stardust trapped thousands of particles of dust.	stardust was designed to gather thousands of dust particles streaming from wild 2.	Non-paraphrase
federal offices were to remain closed for a second day overnight (friday us time).	the government shut down in washington, and federal offices were to remain closed yesterday.	Non-paraphrase
"we think this planet formed with its star, 12.713 billion years ago when the (milky way) galaxy was very young, just in the process of forming."	we think this planet formed with its star 12.713 billion years ago, when the [milky way] galaxy was . . . just in the process of forming.	Punctuation changes
miss novikova said while there is no standard weight for ballerinas, miss volochkova is 'bigger than others'.	commenting on the firing today, ms. novikova said that there was no standard weight for ballerinas but that ms. volochkova "is bigger than others."	Ellipsis
the notification was first reported friday by msnbc.	msnbc.com first reported the cia request on friday.	Diathesis alternation
fighting erupted after four north korean journalists confronted a dozen south korean activists protesting human rights abuses in the north outside the main media centre.	trouble flared when at least four north korean reporters rushed from the taegu media centre to confront a dozen activists protesting against human rights abuses in the north.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
according to law enforcement officials, the person arrested was a known sophisticated hacker.	according to law enforcement officials, the individual decrypted passwords on the server.	Non-paraphrase
his lack of co-operation was allowing other ji operatives to remain at large, where they threatened further terrorist acts, mr dila said.	"prime minister abbas, we are facing a new opportunity today, a better future for both peoples," israeli prime minister ariel sharon said after tuesday's meeting.	Non-paraphrase
the reports helped overcome investor jitters after the euro briefly hit an all-time high against the dollar tuesday.	stocks slipped at the open after the euro hit record highs against the dollar.	Non-paraphrase
ask jeeves wednesday announced it plans to sell its enterprise software division, jeeves solutions, to kanisa.	"i picked prostitutes as my victims because i hate most prostitutes and i did not want to pay them for sex."	Non-paraphrase
while the shape of any military operation is unclear, jakarta has boosted the number of troops and police in the resource-rich province to more than 45,000 from 38,000.	five alternate jurors were also chosen, with a final one set to be selected friday morning from the panel.	Non-paraphrase
chera larkins, 32, of manhattan, charged with perjury and filing a false instrument in three marriage applications.	muhammad and malvo, 18, are not related, but have referred to each other as father and son.	Non-paraphrase
the new link between mohammed and pearl was first reported in tuesday's editions of the wall street journal.	the us acknowledgment that it suspects that mohammed killed pearl was first reported in yesterday's editions of the journal.	Semantic based
legislation making it harder for consumers to erase their debts in bankruptcy court won overwhelming house approval in march.	legislation making it harder for consumers to erase their debts in bankruptcy court won speedy, house approval in march and was endorsed by the white house.	Addition/Deletion
the chain, which has been under new management since late 1999, has more than 3,400 stores and $15.8 billion in annual revenue.	frank partnoy, a securities law professor at the university of san diego, said the case suggested that merrill's oversight and control of its executives were inadequate.	Non-paraphrase
"we're a quiet, peaceful town of 862 people and nothing ever happens," said carolyn greene bennett, cedar grove's town recorder.	"we're a quiet, peaceful town of 862 people and nothing ever happens," bennett said.	Ellipsis
the emeryville-based toy company filed suit friday claiming fisher-price is violating its 1998 patent on interactive-learning books for toddlers and preschoolers.	they also drafted a non-binding priorities list specifying that a quarter of it may be used to reduce planned 5 percent cuts in fees paid to health-care providers.	Non-paraphrase
police said her two small children were alone in the apartment for up to two days.	police said her two small children were alone there for up to two days as she lay dead.	Addition/Deletion
"it's amazing to be part of an industry that rewards its young," said hernandez, who only graduated from parsons school of design last may.	the flamboyant entrepreneur flagged the plan after a meeting in london with australian tourism minister joe hockey.	Non-paraphrase
tonight, 21-year-old morgan and as many as 1,200 fellow students at wheaton college will gather in the gym for the first real dance in the school's 143-year history.	as many as 1,200 students at wheaton college will gather in the gym friday night for the first real dance in the christian school's 143-year history.	Addition/Deletion
but itar-tass news agency said four of his bodyguards were among those killed by the bomb.	green wrote, the documents show that in one two-month period, bennett wired more than $1.4 million to cover losses.	Non-paraphrase
state police lt. timothy doyle said hackett and rossignol did not know each other, and that hackett had no connection to the college.	at another point, mr. bush said: "the choice was up to the dictator, and he chose poorly.	Non-paraphrase
captain robert ramsey of us 1st armored division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 am.	earlier, captain robert ramsey of the first armoured division said a truck had exploded outside the buildings at around 11am.	Change of format
el watan, an algerian newspaper, reported that the kidnappers fiercely resisted the army assault this morning, firing kalashnikov rifles.	el watan, an algerian newspaper, reported that the kidnappers put up fierce resistance during the army assault, firing kalashnikov rifles.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
in 1999, troops returned after rebel raids on a neighbouring russian region and a series of deadly apartment-house bombings in russian cities that were blamed on the rebels.	kansas department of health and environment records show there were 88 abortions performed on girls age 14 and younger last year.	Non-paraphrase
under the measure, doctors who perform the procedure would be subject to two years in prison and unspecified fines.	the delegation leaves chicago today, then will take another week to ready the remains for reburial.	Non-paraphrase
the ministry of defence said that "an investigation is being conducted into allegations that have been made against a british officer who was serving in iraq".	the ministry of defence said yesterday: “we can confirm that an investigation is being conducted into allegations surrounding a british officer who served in iraq.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
harkleroad was one of five american women who advanced to the third round.	the tech-loaded nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91 to end at its highest level for 12 months.	Non-paraphrase
late last month microsoft restricted access to its msn messenger network.	microsoft last month said it is updating its msn messenger service in october.	Identity
the value of the deal has increased since bp first announced it in february.	the value of bp's investment has risen since the deal was announced in february.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
for the week ended june 15, a total of 28.2 million dvds were rented in the united states, compared with 27.3 million vhs cassettes.	genentech inc., the world's second-biggest biotechnology company, and xoma ltd. said their rapitva drug failed to help patients with rheumatoid arthritis in a study.	Non-paraphrase
pearson, led by marjorie scardino, the chief executive, publishes its interim results this week.	randall simon singled to right for the second run.	Non-paraphrase
the number of people in the uk infected by hiv, the virus that causes aids, increased by almost 20 per cent last year to nearly 50,000.	the global epidemic of hiv, the virus that causes aids, is tightening its grip on britain with a record number of new cases diagnosed last year.	Converse substitution
teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped by employees; others took pictures of security-sensitive areas without anyone challenging them.	when biggs's body was found, authorities had no leads until four months later, when a tipster said mallard talked about the incident at a party.	Non-paraphrase
terri schiavo, 39, underwent the procedure at the tampa bay area hospice where she has been living for several years, said her father, bob schindler.	against the dollar, the euro rose as high as $1.1535 -- a fresh four-year high -- in morning trade before standing at $1.1518/23 at 0215 gmt.	Non-paraphrase
mark beaumont, a staff writer at music magazine nme, said he doesn't expect a rapturous welcome for jackson if he goes ahead with his visit to england.	according to a news release sent by the terry schindler-schiavo foundation, florida speaker johnnie byrd will introduce "terri's bill" during the special session monday.	Non-paraphrase
in winter, it is transformed into a treacherous embankment, a mountain of ice and snow that blankets everything.	in winter, terrapin point is transformed into a treacherous embankment of ice and snow that blankets everything -- the park, the railings, even the lampposts.	Addition/Deletion
mr mcdevitt has been granted control of three crucial aspects of policing in the solomons.	mr mcdevitt has been granted control of three aspects of policing by commissioner william morrell.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
despite such optimism, taiwan's sars crisis threatened to whirl out of control in the last week of may.	baer said he had concluded that lawyers for the two victims "have shown, albeit barely . . . that iraq provided material support to bin laden and al-qaida."	Non-paraphrase
congress twice sent similar legislation to former president bill clinton, who vetoed it.	mr. bush has credited the dallas pastor with helping to inspire the idea of using federal dollars to fund faith-based programs.	Non-paraphrase
republicans had pledged to complete a medicare drug package by august, then extended the deadline to oct. 17, and they are still working on it.	republicans had pledged to complete a medicare drug package by august, then extended it to oct. 17.	Addition/Deletion
with the power back on, state workers headed back to their jobs friday morning.	pataki said if power was restored, state workers would be back on the job friday morning.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
according to the bbc, the group's interim report will say its inspectors have not even unearthed "minute amounts of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons material".	marjorie scardino, the chief executive, said: "we have one headline.	Non-paraphrase
the shooter ran away, police said, eluding an officer who gave chase.	police said the shooter ran away from an officer who chased him, and still was being sought thursday night.	Change of order
the technology-laced nasdaq composite index <.ixic> added 1.92 points, or 0.12 percent, at 1,647.94.	the technology-laced nasdaq composite index .ixic dipped 0.08 of a point to 1,646.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
it said the patents were "allegedly" assigned to syndia in 2001 through the lemelson medical, educational and research foundation limited partnership.	shares of usa interactive rose $2.28, or 7 percent, to $34.96 on friday in nasdaq stock market composite trading and have gained 53 percent this year.	Non-paraphrase
"michael jackson is unequivocally and absolutely innocent of these charges," geragos said.	the german financial regulator, bafin, may prove critical of westlb's risk assessment.	Direct/indirect style alternations
last month intel raised its revenue guidance for the quarter to between $7.6 billion and $7.8 billion.	at the end of the second quarter, intel initially predicted sales of between $6.9 billion and $7.5 billion.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
at midnight, erika was about 90 miles east of brownsville and moving toward the west at about 20 mph, with sustained winds near 70 mph.	late friday evening, forecasters said erika was 130 miles east of brownsville and tracking due west at 21 mph with sustained winds of about 70 mph.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
it later emerged that he had broken his right thigh and bones in his right wrist and elbow.	tour doctors later confirmed that he had broken his right leg near the hip and also sustained wrist and elbow fractures.	Addition/Deletion
the stock rose $2.11, or about 11 percent, to close friday at $21.51 on the new york stock exchange.	pg&e corp. shares jumped $1.63 or 8 percent to $21.03 on the new york stock exchange on friday.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
mark longabaugh, the league's vice president for political affairs, said that kempthorne has "shown a distinct contempt for environmental protection."	kempthorne has ''shown a distinct contempt for environmental protection,'' said mark longabaugh, the league's vice president for political affairs.	Change of order
the onenote note-taking tool is listed at £169.99 while the infopath xml (extensible markup language) data gathering application is priced at £179.99.	the onenote note-taking tool is listed at $273 while the infopath xml data gathering application is priced at $289.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
the fed's empire state survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in june, a record high, from 10.6 in may.	prices had pulled back from offshore highs when the empire state survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in june, a record high, from 10.6 in may.	Addition/Deletion
"now, the other guy, he's ashamed of his party," street said to crowd laughter.	"the other guy, he's ashamed of his party, and i don't blame him.	Direct/indirect style alternations
"we believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [touch-screen] machines for the 2004 presidential primary," said gilles w. burger, state board of elections chairman.	"we believe we are fully prepared to roll out the revised diebold machines," said gilles w. burger, chairman of the maryland state board of elections.	Addition/Deletion
state health officials have reported 18 suspected cases in wisconsin, 10 in indiana and five in illinois.	as of yesterday afternoon, 22 suspected cases had been reported in wisconsin, 10 in indiana and five in illinois.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
albuquerque mayor martin chavez said investigators felt confident that with the arrests they had "at least one of the fires resolved."	"we've got quality players," said pirates manager lloyd mcclendon.	Non-paraphrase
"the eu regulatory system for gm authorisation is in line with wto rules: it is clear, transparent and non-discriminatory.	customers include mitsubishi, siemens, dbtel, dell, hp, palm, philips, sharp, and sony.	Non-paraphrase
the woman felt threatened and reported the incident to police, and around 2:30 p.m. stackhouse was arrested.	maurice greene advanced to the semifinals of the 100-meter dash at the world track and field championships.	Non-paraphrase
an improving job market was a "major factor," said lynn franco, director of the board's consumer research center.	the veteran rock group's four-disc dvd set, called four flicks and due nov. 11 from tga entertainment, is expected to be one of the holiday season's top sellers.	Non-paraphrase
the global death toll approached 770 with more than 8,300 people sickened since the sars virus first appeared in southern china in november.	the global death toll is 770 with more than 8300 people sickened since the severe acute respiratory syndrome virus first appeared in southern china in november.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
a us programmer has developed a software tool that allows users to download shared music files using apples windows itunes software, which was released last month.	independent us programmer bill zeller has developed software that lets users download shared music files using itunes for windows.	Semantic based
grieson said both of her knees were swollen for days and that she still has scars on her legs from the incident.	the new 25-member governing council's first move was to scrap holidays honoring saddam and his party and to create a public holiday marking the day of his downfall.	Non-paraphrase
this comes at a time when alba is expanding its aluminium output by 307,000 tonnes a year and is accelerating plans for another 307,000 tonnes-a-year increase.	that comes as alba is lifting its aluminium output by 307,000 tonnes a year and accelerating plans for another 307,000 tonnes-a-year increase.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
the case marks the court's second major separation of church and state case in two years.	in 2001, the number of death row inmates nationally fell for the first time in a generation.	Non-paraphrase
bank of america says its policies prohibit late-day trading, which is illegal.	palm beach county is considering adding up to $200 million more in incentives.	Non-paraphrase
french retirees will increase from one fifth to a third of the population by 2040.	by 2040, retirees will account for a third of the population, up from a fifth today.	Change of order
massachusetts attorney general tom reilly said he was satisfied with the reimbursement.	massachusetts attorney general tom reilly did not let the judge's penny-pinching get him down.	Non-paraphrase
the jury also found gonzales guilty of using excessive force by dousing olvera-carrera with pepper spray.	gonzales was found guilty of using excessive force by spraying olvera with pepper spray.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
the a920 comes with a printer, scanner, and copier for $89.	dell's personal all-in-one a920 is an entry-level device that combines printer, scanner and copier functions for $89.	Ellipsis
it will be followed in november by a third movie, "the matrix revolutions."	the film is the second of a trilogy, which will wrap up in november with "the matrix revolutions."	Subordination and nesting changes
malpractice victims say limits on damage payouts make it less likely lawyers will take cases, meaning access to justice could be denied.	limits on damages make it less likely lawyers will take expensive cases, meaning access to justice is denied, they say.	Change of order
the intelligence service, headed by fujimori's spy chief, vladimiro montesinos, was accused of torture, drug trafficking and disappearances.	the head of the intelligence service under mr. fujimori, vladimiro montesinos, was accused of tortures and disappearances.	Addition/Deletion
founders of the group are matsushita electric, sony, hitachi, nec, royal philips electronics, samsung, sharp and toshiba.	celf's founding members are hitachi, matsushita, nec, philips, samsung, sharp, sony, and toshiba.	Change of order
total sales for the period declined 8.0 percent to $1.99 billion from a year earlier.	wal-mart said sales at stores open at least a year rose 4.6 percent from a year earlier.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
like-for-like sales for the 17 weeks to 27 december were flat, while the gross margin fell by 2 percentage points, the company said.	uk retail like-for-like sales for the 17 weeks to december 27 were flat, with gross margin down two percentage points.	Change of format
the interview thursday came a day after britain's daily mirror reported sahhaf had been taken into custody.	lay had argued that handing over the documents would be a violation of his fifth amendment rights against self-incrimination.	Non-paraphrase
elsewhere in the diary, truman showed a more familiar side, colorful and outspoken in his disdain for life in the white house.	history aside, the diary reveals a colorful, witty, introspective and irreverent president outspoken in his disdain for life in the white house.	Change of order
consumers still would have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.	wells’ other series include nbc’s er and third watch.	Non-paraphrase
singer brandy and her husband, robert smith, have called it quits.	brandy and husband splitr'n'b star brandy and robert smith, her husband of two years have split up.	Semantic based
"city-grown pollution, and ozone in particular, is tougher on country trees," says cornell university ecologist jillian gregg.	"i know this sounds counterintuitive, but it's true: city-grown pollution -- and ozone in particular -- is tougher on country trees," u.s. ecologist jillian gregg said.	Non-paraphrase
no country now opposes plans for a long-term european council president, replacing the current rotating presidency, as well as an eu foreign minister.	early voting will run weekdays from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. through sept. 9.	Non-paraphrase
when brooks was killed in an automobile accident monday in minnesota, taylor lost a good friend.	prince is replacing sanford "sandy" weill, who will remain citigroup's chairman.	Non-paraphrase
zilkha and other shareholders, including coastal corp. founder and vocal el paso critic oscar wyatt jr., had called for wise's termination for months.	the last time the survey was conducted, in 1995, those numbers matched.	Non-paraphrase
however, the talk was downplayed by pbl which said it would focus only on smaller purchases that were immediately earnings and cash flow accretive.	the talk, however,has been downplayed by pbl which said it would focus only on smaller purchases that were immediately earnings and cash flow-accretive.	Change of order
a bill that would have fully legalized marijuana for medical purposes in connecticut was narrowly defeated in the house of representatives on wednesday.	a move to legalize marijuana for medical use was defeated yesterday in the state house of representatives, 79-64.	Non-paraphrase
the 12-nation currency has risen by 33 percent against the dollar over the past 15 months.	the euro is up 9 percent against the dollar in the past six weeks.	Non-paraphrase
the department of foreign affairs and trade yesterday warned australians to defer all nonessential travel to indonesia because of reports of planned terrorist attacks.	the department of foreign affairs yesterday updated its travel warning on indonesia, recommending all non-essential travel be deferred because of concerns that more terrorist attacks were planned.	Change of order
investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment thursday night, but authorities said it was from an animal.	after saddam's regime crumbled in early april, it had to wait for legal hurdles to be crossed before sales could resume.	Non-paraphrase
kate's voice is clearly different from the other girls'.	cathy's voice is clearly distinguishable from those of other girls.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
you sound like him.	that looks like him.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
i always thought that was weird.	i always thought it was weird.	Inflectional Changes
if you skip my class, i will kill you.	if you skip my classes, i'll kill you.	Spelling changes
this is rather frightening.	that's fairly alarming.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
i don't want you to see tom anymore.	i don't want you seeing tom anymore.	Derivational Changes
tom isn't very dedicated.	tom isn't very busy.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
tom will be very discouraged.	tom is going to be very discouraged.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
do you understand me now?	now do you see my point?	Change of order
i will be very grateful if you can send us even a small tidbit of information.	i would appreciate any information you can send to us.	Modal Verb Changes
it's not negotiable.	this isn't negotiable.	Inflectional Changes
the house is vacant.	the house is empty.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
don't fear the future!	you should not be afraid of the future.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
there is a position available for a secretary.	a secretarial post is open.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
they started fighting.	they began to argue.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
my name also happens to be tom.	my name happens to be tom, too.	Semantic based
i want you back in boston.	i want you to return to boston.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
they entered the jungle.	they entered the forest.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
tom told me that he disagreed.	tom told me he didn't agree.	Opposite polarity substitution (habitual)
he put the key on the desk as usual.	he left his key on the desk, as he usually did.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
why would tom quit?	why would tom give up?	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
you will wait.	he will wait.	Inflectional Changes
there is a bunch of tourists standing around on the grass and looking at some old ruins.	a group of dogs playing	Non-paraphrase
the weather of japan is hotter than england's.	the japanese weather is milder than the english weather.	Non-paraphrase
you remind me of my mother.	you remind me of your mother.	Inflectional Changes
tom has a hard-to-pronounce last name.	tom's last name is hard to pronounce.	Change of order
the honeymoon will be spent abroad.	we're planning to spend our honeymoon abroad.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
tom looks different today.	tom seems different today.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
i knew that was them.	i knew it was them.	Inflectional Changes
i'll see him tomorrow morning.	i'll see them tomorrow morning.	Inflectional Changes
what else could i have done?	what else can i do?	Modal Verb Changes
she was so kind as to give me advice.	she was kind enough to give me good advice.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
you are a billy-goat.	you're a billy-goat.	Spelling changes
there were two pieces of cake.	there were two cakes.	Ellipsis
i don't know if tom and mary plan on going or not.	i don't know whether tom and mary plan to go or not.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
tom bats cleanup on our team.	tom bats 4th in our team.	Non-paraphrase
someone's missing.	there's someone missing.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
have you learned nothing?	haven't you learned anything?	Opposite polarity substitution (habitual)
all of the cookies are in the shape of stars.	the cookies are all in the form of stars.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
you can join us if you want.	he can join us if he wants.	Inflectional Changes
tom sings very well.	tom is a very good singer.	Identity
they put their pencils down.	they put down their pencils.	Change of order
he has blue eyes and fair hair.	he has green eyes and blonde hair.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
don't shoot until i give the order.	don't shoot before my order!	Syntax/discourse structure changes
just ask her.	just ask him.	Inflectional Changes
can you do a headstand?	can you stand on your hands?	Semantic based
how drunk are you?	how drunk were you?	Modal Verb Changes
tom told mary that he thought john wasn't surprised.	tom told mary that he didn't think john was surprised.	Opposite polarity substitution (habitual)
four people are sitting down on a sidewalk.	several people are standing in the bookstore	Non-paraphrase
i must hand in the report today.	i have to turn in my report today.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
he drives to work.	he goes to the office by car.	Semantic based
tom dripped with sweat.	tom was pouring sweat.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
can you take a photo of us?	would you be able to take a picture of us?	Syntax/discourse structure changes
the car continued to accelerate.	the car continued to pick up speed.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
the cake should be done soon.	the cake ought to be done soon.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
tom put the diary in the drawer.	tom put his appointment book in the drawer.	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
mr smith proposed marriage to jane.	mr. smith asked jane to marry him.	Diathesis alternation
i'll never listen to him again.	i'll never listen to her again.	Inflectional Changes
call me if you find something.	give me a ring if you find out anything.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
there have been no problems so far.	there haven't been any problems so far.	Opposite polarity substitution (habitual)
has tom gone home?	did tom go home?	Modal Verb Changes
tom is much shorter than you.	tom is a lot shorter than you.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
he doesn't speak either english or french.	he cannot speak english, neither can he speak french.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
i am wiping the dining table.	i wipe the dining table.	Derivational Changes
i don't think tom knows that i hate him.	i don't think that tom knows i hate him.	Change of order
i bought a book yesterday.	yesterday the book was bought.	Change of order
australia was no exception.	australia is no exception.	Modal Verb Changes
this hat will suit her.	this hat will become her.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
john is a strong believer in fresh air.	john is sure, that fresh air is a good thing.	Subordination and nesting changes
didn't we just say we'd do it?	haven't we just said that we'll do it?	Derivational Changes
tom won't hurt you.	tom isn't going to hurt you.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
let's put some aside in good times, to have it when it's needed.	we should save money for a rainy day.	Non-paraphrase
i fully trust your ability.	i completely trust your abilities.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
send for the doctor at once.	call a doctor immediately.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
if you wish to know yourself, observe how others act. if you wish to understand others, look into your own heart.	if you want to understand yourself, just look how the others carry on. if you want to understand the others, look into your own heart.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
we have had a lot of rain this summer.	we have had much rain this summer.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
i don't know how to speak french.	i don't understand any french.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
what spectacle!	what a show!	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
his illness resulted from eating too much.	he fell ill because he ate too much.	Semantic based
we're not that stupid.	we aren't that stupid.	Spelling changes
put that back where it was.	put that one back.	Semantic based
i don't really understand you.	i don't understand you at all.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
i haven't talked to the manager yet.	i haven't yet talked to the manager.	Change of order
tom will like being in boston.	tom is going to like being in boston.	Derivational Changes
he is a truly brave person.	he is a most brave man.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
you're wasting ammunition.	don't waste ammunition.	Derivational Changes
tom doesn't know if mary will come.	tom doesn't know whether mary will come or not.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
nothing happened to her.	nothing happened to him.	Inflectional Changes
why haven't you told us?	why didn't you tell us?	Derivational Changes
a bow is no use without arrows.	a bow is nothing without arrows.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
we are your friends.	we're your friends.	Spelling changes
he stayed there the whole time.	he stayed there all the time.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
a farewell party was held in honor of the retiring executive.	a farewell party was held for the executive who was retiring.	Subordination and nesting changes
tom says it worked.	tom says it works.	Derivational Changes
it looks like something's going to happen.	something bad is going to happen.	Semantic based
i couldn't help overhear your conversation.	i couldn't help overhearing your conversation.	Derivational Changes
how much does this tie cost?	how much is this tie?	Semantic based
i am a sculpture.	i'm a sculpture.	Spelling changes
i'm wondering how long $100 will last me.	how long can it be kept going with 100 dollars?	Syntax/discourse structure changes
i know what this means.	i know what it means.	Inflectional Changes
tom saw mary doing that.	tom saw how mary was doing that.	Derivational Changes
she forgot her umbrella on the bus.	she has forgotten her umbrella in a bus.	Derivational Changes
i hope you've learned your lesson.	i hope you learned your lesson.	Derivational Changes
now they have three children.	they now have three kids.	Change of order
next year the queen will visit china.	the queen is to visit china next year.	Change of order
that doesn't help very much.	that doesn't help much.	Ellipsis
i went to boston on a train.	i went to boston by train.	Sentence modality changes
it's a pity that you can't travel with us.	i wish you could go with us.	Semantic based
there were mistakes made.	there were errors.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
i don't have a fever.	my temperature is normal.	Semantic based
tom said mary was nervous.	tom said mary is nervous.	Derivational Changes
it's not me who makes the rules.	i don't write the rules.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
do we need to wait for her?	need we wait for her?	Syntax/discourse structure changes
i find it much easier to speak french than english.	i find french much easier than english to speak.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
i want to want.	i wanna want.	Spelling changes
he stood on the floor.	he was standing on the floor.	Derivational Changes
i consulted all possible dictionaries.	i looked in as many dictionaries as i could.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
mary told me that she was alone.	mary told me that she's alone.	Spelling changes
and i'd paid the price.	and i pay for that.	Derivational Changes
we certainly can't afford to turn it down.	we definitely cannot afford to say no.	Spelling changes
but sloane closed the door to the entry lobby and the two journalists were talking quietly.	but sloane carefully shut the door to the entry lobby, and the press spoke quietly together.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
we're not bugged chernobyl, it's just a coincident.	we didn't hack chernobyll. it's a coincidence.	Derivational Changes
conformity of production of the type which has been approved is guaranteed by the manufacturer by the normal checking of the production.	the manufacturer ensures the production conformity of the type approved by routine checking of the production.	Subordination and nesting changes
a robust registration for every operator, an efficient animal labelling scheme and the possibility to trace food and feed back are key elements in the scheme.	detailed registration of all operators, effective animal identification system and the ability to track feed and food are the core elements of the system.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
is that so?	oh, really?	Semantic based
[15] oj c 12, 15.1.2001, p.	[15] oj c 12, 15.1.2001, p. 1 [15] oj l 38, 17.12.2000, p.	Addition/Deletion
i heard you!	i can hear you!	Derivational Changes
everyone thinks i was trying to kill myself, and this damn kid is selling shirts, so he keeps this stupid story going.	everyone thinks i tried to kill myself, and there's a lame guy selling t-shirts keeping the stupid story alive.	Derivational Changes
you wouldn't fit into our room!	you wouldn't all fit!	Semantic based
foreigners can play chinese chess	foreigners are good at playing chinese chess.	Spelling changes
i'm not even a party to his meetings.	i'm actually not a participant in his meetings.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
and we have surviving.	and we've got a survivor.	Derivational Changes
please, bennett.	please, bennett.	Verbatim
they say chairman park has died.	he said chairman park died.	Inflectional Changes
the own co 2 that is relocated to the installation of the ets as part of the fuel (e.g. blast furnace gas, coke omission gas or natural gas) shall be included in the emission factor for such fuel.	the own co 2 that is transferred to an eu ets installation as part of the fuel (such as sponge furnace gas, coke-oven gas or natural gas) is included within the emission factor of that fuel.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
name of new section	name of the new section	Ellipsis
ston and sanchez will be focusing on pediatric services... ...find out everything we can on maria young.	okay, stone and sanchez are gonna focus on baby service, get everything we can on marie young.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
caves are safe. they're totally safe.	caverns are safe, perfectly safe.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
walk with me.	come here with me.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
to take a snapshot of one window, select a window under cursor from the slide list (adjacent to frame mode label ), and then click the take new frame button ( ctrl; n . )	to snapshot a single window, select a window below the pointer ( next to the frame mode label), from the drop-down list, and then click the "get a new frame" button (ctrl;n ).	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
the campaign of florrick has you to thank for your input.	florrick's campaign thanks you for your input.	Inflectional Changes
okay, what are you thinking?	yeah, what's your opinion?	Semantic based
no matter how much i believe in it.	it doesn't matter how much i believe.	Modal Verb Changes
the task of contract agents shall, under the supervision of the civil servant or of a temporary servant, be the development of a pre-school childcare centre and shall ensure that the approach of education and proper interpersons relations exists and is applied in the education professionals (sisters, governessers and nurses and/or teachers and teachers) through reinforcement in the provision of education and interpersonal relations. their professional attitude.	contract staff will, under the supervision of an officer or temporary staff, develop the educational capitol function of the early school centre and ensure the existence and application of the concept of training and good people-to-people relationship for the training staff (child-teacher, nurturers and tutors, and/or teacher and teachers), through strengthening of the training staff. their professional approach.	Modal Verb Changes
inspiration, i believe.	i-i think it was inspired.	Modal Verb Changes
you're sofia's father, and since i like her, i'll try the same thing with you.	you are sofia's father, and since i love her, i shall attempt the same with you.	Spelling changes
as for the argument that the level of the specific duty at issue in the main proceedings hinders the distribution of mushrooms originating in a specific third country within the european union, as compared with their production costs, it cannot be shown that the european community legislator has overstepped its wide margin of discretion by providing a specific duty rate of eur 222 per 100 kilograms of drained net weight applicable. imports outside the tariff quotas of any wto member state.	and so far as concerns the argument that the level of specific duty disputed in the main proceedings preventing the marketing of fungi originating in the specific third country within the european union with due regard for their manufacturing costs, it cannot be established that the eu legislation exceeded its wide discretion by laying down the specific duty rate of eur 222 per 100 kilogram of wet dry-weight applicable on the community market, which applies. imports outside the tariff quota from all wto member state.	Derivational Changes
perhaps it's what i'd like to hear.	maybe i want to hear it.	Semantic based
so you think-- let's say, george and his boys... pull this job and george gets his cut-- maybe i could take it away from him, huh?	so, you think that george and his boys are gonna do the job and george gets his cut.	Addition/Deletion
new event	new action	Identity
gas bombs?	gas bombs?	Non-paraphrase
if the committee is not convinced that a decision of this sort can take effect according to the law of the jurisdiction mentioned above, the liability shall not count against the minimum requirement of own funds and eligible liabilities.	unless it is satisfied that any decision would take effect under that jurisdiction's law, it will not account for that liability in respect of its minimum requirement for capital and eligible commitments.	Negation switching
remember that ludlab that i used to sing to you when you were just a little kid?	remember that lulledaby that i sang to you when you were a kid?	Ellipsis
"the body wasn't found."	"we didn't find his body."	Derivational Changes
enter your user name for the business academy of náchod.	enter your user name for trade academy náchod.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
well, next time again.	another time.	Semantic based
brinkerhoff nodded and hung up the phone.	brinkerhoff nodded wordlessly as he hung up.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
he is a skilful man.	he's a deft man.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
if there is no likelihood of confusion between the two, it cannot be maintained that the applicant's mark could be confused with the mark of the opposing party.	in the absence of a risk of confusion between the two, it cannot be argued that the trade mark of the applicant may be confused with that of the opposing party.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
you protest too much.	you're resisting too hard.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
from 1 april 2013 until the lapse of criteria validity of this decision the aox emissions from the production of each pulp used shall not exceed 0,17 kg/adt.	from 1 march 2013, pending the expiry of the criterion of this decision, the production-related emissions of aox of each type of pellus used may not exceed 0,17 kg/adt.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
i mean, swallowing an aquarium stuffed with goldfish, it's far better than being the most hated girl in school.	eating a fishbowl full of goldfish is way betterthan being the most hated chick in school.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
but you wanna date me or not?	but do you wanna date me or not?	Ellipsis
please, brother.	brother, please!	Change of order
a stay in the hospital is necessary during an isolated limb perfusion (ipk) and for a period of seven to 10 days thereafter in order to allow doctors to closely observe blood pressure, blood circulation, and occurrence of any adverse reactions.	during isolated limb perfusion (ipk) and for 7 to 10 days thereafter, a visit to the hospital is necessary so doctors can keep a close eye on blood pressure, circulation and the occurrence of any adverse effects.	Change of order
you always call me stupid.	you just keep telling me i'm stupid.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
'the members of the imperial family travel into the city always under escort.'	"members of imperial family travel to the town with escorts at all times."	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
not like this, you can't.	no, you can't do that.	Ellipsis
judy, i beg you.	judy, i'm begging you.	Derivational Changes
drive me to the truck.	get me to that truck.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
as the legislation concerning the geographical indications scheme hardly presents this information on the inspections provided for in article 11, the monitoring systems provided for by individual member states are fragmented.	as legislation on the geographical indication scheme scarcely presents this information as regards controls under article 11, the control systems implemented by each member state are fragmented.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
could you fasten her seat belts?	would you fasten her seat belt?	Syntax/discourse structure changes
he was little less than a cracked vessel, some other crazed, insect-eating prophet.	he was obviously no more than a broken vessel, another mad-snatched, insect-eating prophet.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
'cause if anyone asks me...	'cause if someone asks me...	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
you moron, you washed your hair in a water reservoir.	you jerk, you've been cleaning your hair in the water tank.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
you wave to folks who wave to you, 'cause it's polite.	you give this wave to people who are waving it at you because it's decency.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
the queen's description was remarkably unusual.	the queen's description was uncommon.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
he's got a map of mine fields tattooed on him.	he's got a map of minefields tattooed on him.	Punctuation changes
a second later he could hear some body dropping to the ground.	a second later, he heard a body hit the floor.	Derivational Changes
since the appellant has not claimed that that is the case here, it must be noted that the court of first instance correctly rejected the abovementioned facts as belated.	it must be stated that, since the applicant did not maintain that that was the case in the present case, the court of first instance correctly rejected these circumstances as out of time.	Ellipsis
to facilitate the migration between the systems established by regulation, no 1198/2006, (ec) no 861/2006, (ec) no /2011 setting up the programme to support the further developing of the integrated maritime policy] and to the scheme established by this regulation, the commission is authorised to enact delegated acts regarding conditions pursuant to article 12750, the support authorised by the commission under these regulation, including technical support and ex-post evaluation.	in order to facilitate the transition from the systems established by regulations (ec) no 1198/2006, (ec) no 861/2006, (ec) [no /2011 establishing a programme to support the further development of an integrated maritime policy] and (ec) no 791/2007 to the system established by this regulation, the commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with article 12750 concerning the conditions under which support approved by the commission under those regulations may be integrated into support provided for under this regulation, including for technical assistance and for the ex-post evaluations.	Addition/Deletion
i think we've got to expose that, don't you?	i think we should reveal it, don't you think?	Derivational Changes
dr. malcolm to ward three.	dr.malcolm, in unit three.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
delete analysis	delete parsing	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
i can't buy canvases, i wish to paint. i've no colors!	i can't purchase canvas, i want painting, but i don't got colours!	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
and when haveyou ever learned to read?	when did you learn how to read?	Derivational Changes
he seemed to be a large, gigantic, circular-headed eel with a solid twenty feet in diameter.	it appeared a giant eel with a circular head, a good eight feet in diameter.	Inflectional Changes
she couldn't stand him, she figured him a naughty guy.	she couldn't stand him, because she thinks she's a worthless man.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
it all turned out just as you once suspected, cathy... that i had been kidnapped by wicked sailors and brought to england.	it was just as you once predicted, cathy... i was abducted by sinful pirates and brought to england.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
a successful waste management option is considered to be a success in the area in which a separate collection was introduced[18].	this method is considered a successful waste management option for all areas where separate collection was in place[18].	Change of order
yes, i've been sighted.	yes, they saw me.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
she got into an argument with edmond hayes.	she and edmond hayes were in a fight.	Change of order
i cannot believe she said that to you.	can't believe she'd tell you that.	Spelling changes
wake up, come here, my baby.	get to your feet, go, my child.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
( 7 ) see introductory note 5, which sets out the special conditions relating to products made of a mix of textile materials.	( 60 ) for special conditions relating to products made of a mixture of textile materials, see introductory note 5.	Change of order
fire it.	shoot it.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
i don't recollect who designed this, but we decided to avoid major highways.	now i cannot remember who designed those things, but we've made a decision about avoiding the main roads.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
none of you are making any sense.	none of you makes sense.	Derivational Changes
but i had to ask.	but i must have asked.	Modal Verb Changes
then explain, please.	then explain this to me carefully, please.	Ellipsis
the hardest thing to believe, in all the things that we've told me... ...is that the love we've had was not real.	of all those things that i've been told, it's just a little tough to believe that our love was not real.	Change of order
"that will be the daily procedure"	"this is to be a day-to-day procedure."	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
the thing that's missing is like an lift, but if we look at this lead here, i can only imagine then that some sort of lift here has been wired in here, but it's been lost in history.	what's missing is kind of like, the lift, but if we look at this track right here then we can imagine what kind of lifts are connecting there, but they were lost over the course of history.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
that was before anyone knew who she was.	that was before anyone knew who he was.	Inflectional Changes
yes, i might try it.	yes, that is what i could try.	Modal Verb Changes
peter has had sex with the campaign worker.	peter slept with the campaign worker.	Identity
i was driving a shopping cart where the child from the jail was in it, and she thought i was a pedophile abducter.	i was driving this shopping cart that had the baby from prison in it, and she thought i was a child abductor.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
and i'm being honest...	and to be quite frank...	Semantic based
now, in a lot of times, we're going to find stories where the visitors basically mate with the earthwomen.	so, many times, there are stories where these visitors essentially mate with the terrestrial women.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
i don't like agent burke leading this operation.	i don't like agent burke to lead the operation.	Sentence modality changes
this framework decision does not prevent a member state from applying its constitutional rules relating to due process, freedom of association, freedom of the press and freedom of expression in other media.	the present framework directive shall not preclude a member state from implementing its constitutional principles relating to the right to a fair trial, the freedom of association, the freedom of the press, and freedom of speech to be applied by other media.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
this cocktail was invented, and it's a record for his drinking too.	i invented this cocktail. i also keep a record for its drink.	Coordination changes
that's right. diplomatic immunity spies.	that's right, the spies with the diplomatic immunity.	Subordination and nesting changes
there is a baby hanging over here, look!	there's some kid over there, look!	Ellipsis
i am the meteorologist brick tamland, and i like the butter.	i'm brick tamland, the meteorologist, and i love the butter.	Change of order
could you tell me...?	can you tell me how to-?	Syntax/discourse structure changes
the kid showed up with some boy scouts.	that chick showed up with some boy scout.	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
dors quickly shifted across a phase where she needed to record slow, tall balls, so she could gauge direction and distance.	dors quickly moved over a stage in which slow, high balls must be recorded to permit her time to gauge directions and distances.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
elvy, i do not love you.	elves, i do not love you.	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
i just want to let you know that...	i just want you to understand that...	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
i hurt somebody terribly when i was young, and i wish there's somebody who can help me figure this out--	when i was young, i hurt someone terribly and i just wish there was someone who would help me understand--	Change of order
21 d. submitted that letter to the s foundation on the same day after receiving the letter.	21 the same day, after receiving such letter, d. submitted it to s.	Change of order
they break up, divorce and keep talking anyway, just to prove how mature they can be.	they break up, divorce, still talk all the time, just to show how adult they can behave.	Semantic based
it's really not sexy.	this is not sexy at all.	Semantic based
if you trust the data retrieval service, and if you are in a position to acknowledge the risks associated with sending logon information in an uncodered format, type the sign-in info, and click ok.	if you are confident of this data reading service and if you accept the risk to send logon information by sending it in an unenciphered format, specify the credentials and then click ok.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
father castelli was becoming something startlingly familiar the creature from the movie alien.	vicar castelli had come to be something remarkably familiar: a creature of the movie alien.	Derivational Changes
he spends time here and just chats with me! why you covering up mike's killer?!	he hangs out and he talks to me is all! why are you covering for mike's killer?!	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
and we are saying to this senseless killer, and to all the other ills that prey on those without shelter in our city-- not tonight can you prey on them.	and we call that ludicrous assassin, and any other evil that is plaguing those in my city who are homeless, today you will not plague them.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
weird loops. repeating.	strange loops, repetition.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
okay, now push it in.	all right, now push.	Semantic based
put your hands on my bosom.	touch my breasts!	Identity
look at the carcass.	look at that body.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
look, i don't know who put you here to this place, but i ain't sharing that with anybody.	look, i-i didn't know who sent you here, but i'd be sharing it with no one.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
all right, uh, and what's your name?	that's okay, uh, and, uh, what are you called?	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
technically, now we're thieves.	technically, now we are thieves.	Spelling changes
jim, what the heck is going on around here?	jim, what in hell is happening here?	Syntax/discourse structure changes
which means you don't have the response.	meaning you don't have a good answer.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
article 37 liens on cash on sub-accounts 1.	article 37 liens on funds on sub-accordings 1.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
the worshippers of mishakal have restored the country to true healing.	worshipers of mishakal bring true healing back to the land.	Semantic based
check household funds	check household's financial resources	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
she flinched, clasped the screen in her hands, staring at the phone with a mixture of fear and mistrust.	she jumped and clutched the lampshade tighter, looking at the telephone with fear and distrust.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
oh, well... have a good time.	yeah, well...have a lot of fun.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
what he wished all the subjects of the imperium were so willing to obey imperial commands!	how he had wished all the empire's peasants would obey imperial orders so readily!	Syntax/discourse structure changes
and the threats and challenges and threats of the environment;	and the threats and challenges and threats relating to the environment;	Sentence modality changes
then what can they sublimate?	what can they sublimate afterwards?	Ellipsis
i want no apartment.	i don't want an apartment.	Non-paraphrase
i think it was the bomb.	i think that was a bomb.	Inflectional Changes
promise me you're coming downstairs when you're finished.	promise me that you'll come down as soon as you're finished.	Subordination and nesting changes
regarding the labelling of the welfare of animals, it requires the action plan that the latter should present a report on the possible establishment of a mandatory labelling of poultrymeat and meat products for compliance with the welfare requirements and inform council and parliament of the continuing use of quantifiable indicators in community law on the welfare of animals.	as regards to animal welfare labelling, the action plan asks the commission to submit a report on the possibility of a mandatory labelling scheme for chicken meat and meat products based on compliance with animal welfare standards and to report to the council and the parliament on the further application of measurable indicators in community animal welfare legislation.	Semantic based
voting is open for all eu citizens and citizens resident in the territory of the eu.	voting is open to all eu citizens and citizens residing in the territory of the eu.	Semantic based
activate the controls.	activate the console.	Non-paraphrase
(c) assessment and use the aim shall be to improve the assessment and use of material stored in the european in-situ and ex-situ genetic resource collections.	(c) evaluation and use this aim is to better assess and use the material deposited in the community's in-situ and ex-situ genetic resources collection.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
that was -- that was a wine, all the same.	that was... that was just the wine, but not the same.	Punctuation changes
she wouldn't fit in, you know.	you know she wouldn't fit in.	Change of order
subject: protection of animals in circuses answer from the commission (19 may 2005)	subject: conservation of circus animals answer from the commission (19 may 2005)	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
what were they doing on goralis?	what did they do to the goralis?	Derivational Changes
something like it happened in carlton.	it's kind of like it happened in carlton.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
to that end, it is necessary to ensure that representatives of civil society establish a common structure at regional level to join together in order to create their own positions together.	to that end, it must be ensured that representatives of civil society create a common structure at the regional level and that they unite in order to create their own jobs together.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
(c) it is placed under the supervision of a centre veterinarian;	(c) the station or centre shall be supervised by its veterinarian;	Semantic based
at an adequate price.	for the right price.	Semantic based
admissibility 62 the defendants contest the admissibility of the action in three respects.	admissibility 62 the defendants contend that the action is admissible on three grounds.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
believe it or not, there's a demon behind all of that.	believe it or not, a demon's behind all that.	Ellipsis
no time to hesitate, no time to feel, no time to have a friend, no time to be with a family...	no time for doubts, no time for hesitation, no time for feelings, no time for friends, no time for family.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
i got a job to do.	i got work to do.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
| an authorised (privatisation) investment company is an investment company established solely for the purpose of gathering the ownership certificates (vouchers) and the purchase of shares issued in accordance with regulations on ownership transformation.	| an authorised (privatisation) investment company is an investment company set up exclusively for collection of certificates of ownership (coupons) and acquisition of shares issued in line with regulations governing transfer of ownership.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
because i've been looking for new friends and who knows?	because we're looking for new friends, and who knows?	Inflectional Changes
in france, unemployment contributions are collected through a payroll tax, not a layoff tax.	in french, the funds for the payment of the unemployment allowance are collected from employers through a payroll tax rather than a dismissal tax.	Semantic based
you'il have to go, though i have to stand up to you.	you're going to need to leave, even if i needto stand up to you.	Derivational Changes
apax: financial investments, cinven: financial investments, the cbc group: design and wholesale distribution of female fashion.	the business activity of the undertakings in question is: for apax: financing investments, for undertaking cinden: finance investment, for undertaking cbr group: design and marketing for ladies' fondware products.	Addition/Deletion
he reached out and cormac accepted her.	he held out his hand and cormac took it.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
where you trying to go?	what are you trying to get to?	Syntax/discourse structure changes
if he had had experienced a chinese incident and survived as long as he had been an a.w., he was probably seeing and doing much worse.	if he had experienced a chinese incident and had lived as long as a prisoner of wars, he had probably seen and done far worse.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
i must admit you put on a display with this.	i must admit, you showed off with that.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
more if colonel baird calculates those bases she lived upon when she was little.	more if colonel baird is counting the base she used to live in when she was a little girl.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
you know i've got my way if i stomp.	you know that if i put my foot to it, i got my way.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
we have no ships.	we're boatless.	Semantic based
all right, you've been staring at it for so long, it's going to transform into chunks of leather -- the secret's gone.	you stare at 'em long enough, they just turn into pieces of skin... mystery's gone.	Derivational Changes
the moment ishido had been seen approaching, hiro-matsu had taken up his battle station at the inner doorway.	hiro-matsu took up a fighting position at the gate, as soon as ishido's arrival was reported.	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
so what's really happening, sam?	so what is really going on, sam?	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
i can take him down when i want.	i can take him off as long as i want.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
the eesc is concerned that migration and asylum related phenomena, such as trafficking in human beings and abuse, are not being sufficiently addressed by member states and third countries, in particular transit countries.	the committee notes with concern that phenomenon relating to immigration and asylum, like trafficking and abuse, has been under-treated at the level of the member states and third countries, especially transit countries.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
in addition to capital use, the investments in advanced technical installations require considerable costs for the professional training of persons as well as for the proper adjustment of operations.	in addition to the deployment of own funds, investments in modern technical installations require significant costs for vocational training of workers as well as for an appropriate adjustment of traffic patterns.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
we will transport baggage that matches the size and weighing limits for free.	carriage of your baggage is free of charge, provided that it meets the weight and size limits.	Semantic based
you made a decoy out of her.	you turned her into a bait.	Non-paraphrase
even when they get up to 90 miles an hour, there's still a 30-minute window.	even after they get a 90-mile-an-hour ride, we still got 30 minutes.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
i don't want you to speak of him that way !	i do not want you talking about him like that!	Spelling changes
when i get out of bed in the morning- and i suddenly decide to take very serious a statement that i'm certainly not completely certain my eyes work correctly, it suggests that as much as it looks like there's a solid floor by my bed, there might be a reef or something like that.	when i get up in the morning... ...and suddenly choose to take a statement, which is certainly true... ...that i can't quite be certain that my eyes work properly... ...then it follows that although it looks like there's a solid floor, there can be a reef or anything like that.	Punctuation changes
i'd say she's the only one i can trust.	guess she's the only one that's left to be trusted.	Semantic based
will you listen to your voicemail sometime?	would you ever listen to your voice mail?	Modal Verb Changes
stilgar considered the gesture, for he could see the steersman's dumpster getting between paul and edrik's clumsy aide, too close to paul, but ...	stilgar considered the signal, seeing that this might bring the helmsman's container between paul and edrik's clumsy aide too close to him, but . . .	Derivational Changes
it's the most thrilling thing the first time.	the first time's the most exhilarating.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
you were, after all, one of the good guys.	by all accounts, you were one of the good guys.	Change of order
he said, 'i think i remember the door used to be there.	he said, "i think i recall there used to be a door back there.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
a shell opens in the wall, and you pull the dose out of it.	a shell opens in the wall and you pull a dose from it.	Punctuation changes
then, if circ kakona comes alive... ...the gods will come... ...and we'll flee in all sides and hide from those who might harm us.	that's when circ kakona comes alive, the gods come and we flee to all sides, and hide ourselves against any who might harm us.	Punctuation changes
table 6 adverse reactions reported in patients receiving jallra 100 mg daily in a double blind study (n=371) with insulin (with or without metformin)	table 6 adrs reported in patients receiving jalra 100mg a day in addition to insulin (with or without metformin) in double blind studies (n=371)	Change of order
man!	male!	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
you steal innocent girlish honor and then yell at it!	steal the innocent honor of the girls... ...and then yell at it!	Punctuation changes
the united states air force regrets the announcement of an early collapse of an air freighter c-141 this morning above the utah desert.	the us air force regrets the announcement of early this morning, a c-141 freighter crashed over the utah desert.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
my new strategy included the plan to meet him in the right place.	my new strategy contained the plan to meet him in the right place.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
why do chemists like nitrates?	what about chemistry? -why did chemists like nitrate?	Addition/Deletion
essentially, the interveners at first-instance level, such as weichert, are also entitled, in principle, on the grounds of a response in the present case, provided they have an interest in the leniency of, or in the dismissal or dismissal of, the action brought by another party.	consequently, the parties to the appeal proceedings at first instance, like weichert, are, as a rule, entitled to take part by lodging a statement of appeal, provided that they have an interest in accepting and dismissing the appeal lodged by the other party.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
no,i've never had this kind of sea-disease.	no, i've never had seasickness like this before.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
even if they have a five-hour start.	even if they're in the lead for 5 hours.	Change of format
do you think that this will keep me alive altogether on its own?	do you think it can keep me alive, all by itself?	Subordination and nesting changes
but i've fallen in love with the old one, dad.	but i'm falling for the old one, dad.	Derivational Changes
she almost did not realize that sah'ot shouted, "that is them!"	she was hardly aware that sah'ot had cried out, "that is them!"	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
that doesn't make any sense.	that don't make sense, i know that.	Derivational Changes
that's not what e thinks.	e's not thinking so.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
it's not a problem.	this is not the problem.	Inflectional Changes
"and think of all that i have seen"	"of everything i've ever seen,"	Semantic based
he's our own research.	he is the research.	Spelling changes
while schneider was a man of colorful speech, his writings believed the problem would need to be solved by any means, including tactical nuclear weapons, sam was a cool, reserved fifty-two man who preferred dialogue, sabotage, to direct action.	while schneider was the man of colorful speech, he believed in the letters that the issue must be dealt with by any means, including tactical nuclear weapons, with the cold, reserved man of fifty-two who preferred dialogue and sabotage for direct action.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
listen to me kids.	listen to this, guys.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
the contributions in kind shall comply with national fiscal and social-security law.	contributions in kind must conform to the provisions of domestic fiscal and social security law.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
these learned monks expect to write your own name or a name of a beloved man, dead or alive on this... pass to eternal enthusiasm of paradise.	these educated monks are expecting to write your own name... or a beloved person's name... dead or alive... on this... pass to heaven's eternal joy	Derivational Changes
either we go in smart or we don't go in at all.	we either play it smart, or we'll never prove it.	Non-paraphrase
investigators who seek proof in another eu country have complicated, 50-year-old rules.	investigators seeking means of proof across another eu country have complex rules that are 50 years old.	Subordination and nesting changes
we've risked lives to bring the rice back, and every one of 'em has been eating this evening, so watch your mouth.	we risked our lives to bring rice... and everybody's been eating tonight, so be careful with their mouths.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
so i have heard all those concerned and i've come to a certain conclusion.	i saw everybody and i've come to some conclusions.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
for this particular protocol, article 2(8) stipulates that the entire financial contribution must be paid into a public treasury account opened with a financial institution specified by the authorities of guinea-bissau.	more specifically, article 2(8) of the protocol lays down that the total amount of the financial contribution is to be made out to a public treasury account held by a financing institution designated by the guinea and bissau authorities.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
the newly selected constitutional assembly will now be mandated	the newly elected constitutional assembly is now mandated	Modal Verb Changes
why were they even inviting her here?	why was she even invited here?	Inflectional Changes
and then some beethoven, maybe some schubert for a change, but, you know...	and then there's a little bit ofbeethoven, or maybe schubert just for a change, but, you know...	Ellipsis
i can't think of anything else i could've done.	i'm not sure what else i could have did.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
there is no end to this conversation.	this conversation ain't over.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
arnon's been threatening to kill me if we don't listen to him.	arnon threatens to kill me if i do not obey him.	Derivational Changes
"it is never prudent to bring upon himself the wraths of the sisterhood."	"it is never sensible to bring the sisterhod's anger down upon yourself."	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
hepatic impairment the pharmacokinetics and metabolism of eslicarbazepine acetate following multiple oral administrations have been evaluated in healthy subjects and patients with moderately severe hepatic impairment.	hepatic impairment the pharmacokinetics and metabolism of eslicarbazepine acetate following multiple oral doses have been assessed in healthy subjects and patients with moderate hepatic impairment.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
isn't that vatanen?	ain't that vatanen?	Modal Verb Changes
you know, the clock'd go a little faster if we had xboxes here.	you know, time would've gone much quicker had we had xbox.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
plus, she got voted off, some financial issues... ...and somehow, we came to the point that we're friends.	plus, she was suspended, some financial troubles... ...somehow we've come to the conclusion that we're friend.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
at the request of an eu country and/or upon its own initiative the commission may withdraw recognition of an organisation in certain circumstances.	the commission may, in certain circumstances, withdraw recognition of an organisation upon application by an eu country or its own initiative.	Change of order
anton had a vague memory of the man, though his name was gone.	anton vaguely remembered the man, though he couldn't recall his name.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
excuse me. when will it come to me?	when is my turn?	Semantic based
article 5 the council 1.	article 5 board 1.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
so he stays as far away from the point of impact as possible, and never gets his hands dirty if he can help it.	he's always trying to stay away from the drop point in the world as much as possible... he'll never get involved if we don't help him.	Semantic based
i'd like to talk to you. ...about maryanne.	well, if you wouldn't mind,i'd love to talk to you aboutmaryanne.	Semantic based
cover your ear.	cover your ears now.	Ellipsis
a bizarre little heap was set near the boarding stairs, to which another coach was attached, with his head propped against the six- wheel chassis.	by the boarding steps, behind which the car was joined, was a bizarre pile with its head propped up against a six-wheel undercarriage.	Change of order
we were surrounded by a sea of flames.	the factory was burning.	Non-paraphrase
he covered half of the ground floor of one of the wing of the main building.	he took up half the ground floor of one of the main building wings.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
significent events in 2008 overview of the overall situation of the european schools in 2008 the scheme included 21 649 students in 14 schools in the territory of 7 member states[2].	markant events in 2008 an overview of the overall situation at the european schoolstates in 2008, the system covered 21,649 schoolchildren within 14 school areas within the territories of seven states[2].	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
you know, did she help many of your patients get pregnant?	has she helped a lot of your patients get pregnant?	Derivational Changes
the mere fact, whereby a number of anti-competitive agreements can be considered as a single and continuing infringement, does not preclude each individual agreement being capable as such also to constitute, in itself, an article 81 ec (article 101 feu).	the mere fact that several anti-compete agreements can be regarded as a single and continuous infringement does not preclude any of those individual agreements from also constituting, by themselves, an infringement of articles 81 ec (article 101 tfeu).	Syntax/discourse structure changes
do you need me to tell you about joe pulgatti, how many people he went to the sickroom, how many into the river?	you want i tell the story about joe pulgatti, how many people he got in the clinic and how many in the river?	Syntax/discourse structure changes
especially in los angeles.	particularly in l.a.	Spelling changes
it's questions as to whether they'll start bleeding.	it's just a matter of whether they start bleeding.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
vote: minutes of 11.5.2011, item 5.20, minutes of 11.5.2011, item 5.21 and minutes of 11.5.2011, item 5.22 .	vote: minutes of 11.5.2011, item 5.20, minutes of 11.5.2011, item 5.21 and minutes of 11.5.2011, item 51.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
a glade thronging with half-animal felons, a miscegenous rabble, the crude descendants of fugitives.	a clearing encrusted by semi-rebelled criminals, mobs mixed with members of all the races, blunt and fallen offspring of the refugees.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
he was breaking furniture,and the hotel manager told us we should stop him, or he'd call the police.	he broke the furnishings and the hotel manager says to stop him, or he'll call the police.	Derivational Changes
well, we're questioning everybody who paid him a visit to the prison.	we're interviewing anyone who visited carroll in prison.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
the uk has now submitted relevant data with respect to the epidemiological situation and the application of the provisions of the eu legislation relating to bse in the isles of norway and the isle of man.	the united kingdom has now submitted relevant information concerning the epidemiological situation and the application of union bse laws on the isle of man and the channel islands.	Subordination and nesting changes
as mentioned, sjóvà is active in both non-life and life insurance markets in iceland.	as set out above, sjóvá is active both on the icelandic non-life and life insurance markets.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
this is still a dirty border town... ...but the skip is expanding the rubber industry.	it's still a dirty border city... but the rubber industry is expanding as we jump.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
not only was he completely alone, he was helpless to change things.	not only was he all alone, he was helpless to alter that, too.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
i believe you'll recognize this.	i trust you recognise this.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
in addition it shall meet at the instance of the chairperson or at the request of at least one third of its members.	it shall also convene at the initiative of the president, or at the request of at least one-third of its members.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
it should be, - i don't believe it.	it should be - i can't believe it.	Punctuation changes
i believe that my other officers will remember that i will insist upon my orders.	i believe all my other officers will remember to insist on my orders.	Subordination and nesting changes
can't you people think of a better way to smuggle drugs?	can't people figure out a better way to move drugs?	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
create /etch/im/siteconfig manually?	create /etc/im/sitecofig manually?	Semantic based
should one or more of the council members raise an objection, the council, acting by a qualified majority, may decide to grant the proposed exemption.	in the event of an objection raised by one or more of the council members, the council, acting by qualified majority, may decide to grant the draft exemption.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
tony, local news just found out about the dead carcass that was dumped at the medical service.	tony, local news picked up on that dead corpse that was dumped at the medical service.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
we'il appeal to the supreme court.	then we plead our case to the supreme court.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
'not normally, sir, no,' replied the doorbot.	not under normal circumstances, sir," the doorbot answered.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
that's all leading to the u.s. having more cash.	all of this leads to americans having more cash.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
on 18 may 2006, the council adopted regulation (ec) no 765/2006 concerning restrictive measures against president lukashenko and certain officials of belarus.	on 18 may 2006, the directive concerns the restriction against president lukashenko and some officials from belarus.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
navigators might have found it, if it hadn't been a more reliable magical array in disc than a magnetic.	navigators might have discovered it were it not that the disc's standing magical field is much more reliable.	Change of order
i mean, it's not... ...within the realm of conventional cinema, but... ...what if?	i mean, it isn't... ...the power of conventional film, but... ...if?	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
i could see in your face something's bothering you.	i see something's bothering you in your face.	Change of order
this is on account of the commander.	it's for the commander.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
subject: financial contribution by the european union to mine clearance in a buffer answer from the commission (28 july 2005)	subject: european union funding for demining operations in the buffer zone answer from the commission (28 july 2005)	Opposite polarity substitution (contextual)
i want to see their blood here, at the place of draba's death!	i want their blood here, in the place that draba died!	Ellipsis
i was the one who carried ellie because her feet couldn't move fast enough.	i carried ellie because her little legs just wouldn't move fast enough.	Ellipsis
it's really difficult to believe that sometimes there was a time that we just said, "stand it."	i find it difficult to believe ever that there would just be a point where we would just say, "stop doing that."	Syntax/discourse structure changes
as amazing as those brain enhancements are, no neurobiology on earth could account for a joy coming when you were holding a newborn.	as wonderful as those brain enhancements are, no neurobiology in the world can explain the pleasure it brings when you are holding the newborn.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
turning, he gave jack and speedy a peculiar look and set off on the main road toward alhambra.	he wheeled around, eyeing jack and speedy oddly, and set off on his main road in the direction of the alhambra.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
great point.	a great point.	Ellipsis
wait, no, aren't it drawn to his side or not, you just don't want to admit it?	wait, no, you're not attracted to him, or no, you just won't admit it?	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
thank you for coming on such a journey.	thanks for coming on such a journey.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
i need to be faster.	need to move faster.	Semantic based
major new parkways would connect these parks as well as link the city to nearby attractions.	major new parkways would link these parks as well as connect the city to nearby attractions.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
the roads in switzerland were not as smooth as in france, and this put considerable strain on the cars despite them not travelling at racing speeds.	the roads in france were not as smooth as in switzerland, and this put considerable strain on the cars despite them not travelling at racing speeds.	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
woods was born in detroit and now lives in southern france.	woods was born in southern france and now lives in detroit.	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
chandos leigh, 1st baron leigh (27 june 1791 -- 27 september 1850) was a british landowner and minor poet.	chandos leigh, 1st baron leigh (27 june 1791 -- 27 september 1850) was a minor landowner and british poet.	Semantic based
the fourth edition setting presents a much abridged and somewhat different backstory that alludes to the original metaplot but doesn't explicitly reference it.	the original edition setting presents a somewhat different and much abridged backstory that alludes to the fourth metaplot but doesn't explicitly reference it.	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
this finding also holds true for pseudowords, or pronounceable letter strings that are not real words (e.g.	this finding also holds true for pseudowords, or real letter strings that are not pronounceable words (e.g.	Change of order
the racial makeup of the cdp was 16.11% white, 1.18% african american, 82.12% native american, 0.59% from other races.	the racial makeup of the cdp was 16.11% white, 1.18% native american, 82.12% african american, 0.59% from other races.	Verbatim
sun xiu's son, sun jian (孫儉), continued serving in the jin government as an official who concurrently serves in the palace (給事中).	sun jian's son, sun xiu (孫儉), continued serving in the jin government as an official who concurrently serves in the palace (給事中).	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
that's just the way i act around the gorgeous woman	it's just the way i act around beautiful women.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
entire sheet	full list	Semantic based
actions for annulment – actionable measures – acts intended to have legal effects – definition – conditions (art. 263 tfeu) 2.	actions for annulment - measures of appeal - measures to bring legal effects - meaning - conditions (art. 263 tfeu) 2.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
yes. and he disappeared.	yes, but he's gone.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
it's my fault, i'm sorry	it's my fault.	Ellipsis
what a nice smell!	mm, the smell!	Semantic based
he wasn't supposed to be.	he didn't have to.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
i had a fight with that asshole david over sophie.	i broke up with that son-of-a-bitch david for sophie.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
oh... thanks.	i'll tell you what, i'm gay!	Non-paraphrase
when i was your age, you could have me for a car ride and a bottle of strawberry wine.	when i was your age, you'd pack me for a car ride and a bottle of strawberry wine.	Spelling changes
introduce strands of his hair... ...and an image of myself, crafted in rice paper.	and i add his hair and an image of himself, cut into rice paper.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
en official journal of the european union l 15/83 decision of the eea joint committee no 156/2014 of 9 july 2014 amending annex xxii (company law) to the eea agreement [2015/91] the eea joint committee, having regard to the agreement on the european economic area (‘the eea agreement’), and in particular article 98 thereof, whereas:	en official journal of the european union l 15 / 83 of the council decision no 156 / 2014 of 9 july 2014 amending annex xxii (right of commercial companies) to the eea agreement [2015 / 91] of the eea agreement, taking into account the agreement on the european economic area (hereinafter referred to as "the eea agreement"), and in particular article 98 thereof, whereas:	Semantic based
is she septic?	it's septic.	Non-paraphrase
you should have asked him.	you should have asked him.	Verbatim
forio's hurt!	forio's hurt.	Punctuation changes
around here?	around here?	Verbatim
stay put!	nobody move!	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
the consequence of that requirement is that officials and other servants who hold posts of responsibility within a community administration must take into account the possible existence of a justified need to communicate a degree of information to the public.	as a result of this requirement, officials and staff acting in positions in the relevant community authorities must take into account the possible existence of a reasoned need to communicate certain information to the public.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
materials breakdown ( 1 ) :	breakdown of materials used (1):	Syntax/discourse structure changes
she’s going to need this free throw to pass phys-ed.	they need this criminal charge.	Non-paraphrase
oh, don't run away.	don't run away.	Ellipsis
he has a very developed sense of humor.	she has a very developed sense of humour.	Inflectional Changes
destroy them, burn them.	destroy them.	Addition/Deletion
come on.	sing.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
you wanna make up for ruining my art career? you can help me by expanding my new career.	if you want to compensate me for ruining my career, you can help me in expanding my new career.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
'that was a truly vicious thing to do, stragen.'	'that was really dirty of you, stragen.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
i would love to see their faces when they find out.	i'd like to see what they look like when they show up.	Identity
"don't you?"	"aren't you?"	Non-paraphrase
deputy georges prou.	member georges pirou.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
i'll knock all of y'all off.	i'll delete all of you.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
are you an actor or something?	or a comedian?	Non-paraphrase
climate change, bio-energy, water management and biodiversity acknowledges the damage that intensive agriculture has caused for example to soil structure, bio-diversity and pollution of water courses, but nevertheless emphasises the role that farmers play as guardians of the countryside and the varied traditional small-scale farming landscapes and welcomes the commission acknowledgement that eu agriculture has contributed more than other sectors to curbing greenhouse gas emissions while pointing out that agriculture in many eu regions is highly exposed to climate change; supports the call in the recent green paper on adaptation to climate change for agriculture to contribute further to mitigating the effects of climate change.	climate change, bioenergy, water economy and biodiversity admits that intensive farming has done damage, for example, on soil and biodiversity patterns, and caused water pollution, but underlines the role of farmers in maintaining rural and diverse traditional agricultural landscapes, with limited production, and welcomes the fact that the commission has acknowledged that agriculture has contributed more than other sectors to reducing greenhouse gas emissions, while emphasizing that agriculture in many regions of the eu is highly exposed to climate change; it supports the challenge contained in the recent green paper on adaptation to climate change, in order to contribute to the improvement of climate change.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
he'll suck your lungs out your ass.	if the kryptonite had sniffed at your crotch, he would have sucked his lung over his ass.	Addition/Deletion
if you disable this policy or do not configure it, users can display the browser in a full screen.	if you disable this policy or do not configure it, users will be able to display the browser on the entire screen.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
step back, now.	back, now.	Ellipsis
you	you	Verbatim
but i was also getting a pretty good fix on marty during all this.	it was just a little too much for the idea of the look on her lips, marty.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
you said you couldn't dance.	you said you couldn't dance.	Verbatim
annex iii corrective factors referred to in article 13(5) expressed as a percentage of the carcase weight percentage decrease increase fat classes kidneys kidney fat pelvic fat liver thin skirt thick skirt tail spinal cord mammary fat testicles cod fat fat on inside of topside jugular vein and adjacent fat removal of external fat removal of brisket fat to leave a covering of fat (the muscle tissue must not be exposed)	annex iii corrective factors referred to in article 13 (5), expressed as a percentage of the weight of the carcass procentage reduction increased class properate graduation expectations ledvinus	Addition/Deletion
the damage that had cut damage central's links to fusion one was appallingly evident.	the damage interrupted by the concentration of dispatching repairs with fusion one was evident at first sight.	Semantic based
some steaks.	a couple of steaks.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
lance despised children.	lance hated the kids.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
metformin is a biguanide with antihyperglycaemic effects, lowering both basal and postprandial plasma glucose.	metformin is biguanide with antihyperglycaemia effects, decreased plasma glucose levels even after meals.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
(laughing) (gavel banging) order.	it's okay.	Non-paraphrase
you're curious to me, wraysford.	you care about me, wray.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
bishapur	white	Non-paraphrase
for there was mriga, limping over to him, still halt as before-but there was a kind of grace even to that, now.	for there had been mriga, prowling, still limping, as it was - but there was also some kind of charm in it.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
yes, i babysit for a manhattan socialite diva.	yeah, i'm babysitting for one prominent housewife from manhattan.	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
let me ask you something, mr wells.	i want to ask, mr. wells.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
i don't want you to get your hopes up, buffy.	i don't want to give you hope, buffy.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
somehow, karate wasn't quite the same without rosemary.	ki-ah!... without rosemary, it wasn't real.	Non-paraphrase
i might not be pushing too hard.	maybe i won't push him away.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
tomorrow i want you to go back out there and look for a job that pays actual money.	i want you to go out tomorrow looking for a job for money.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
he is your son,	he's your son.	Spelling changes
connie, i'm sorry...	connie, i'm sorry.	Punctuation changes
don't you take this out on me.	don't try this on me.	Non-paraphrase
the man looked at it without touching it.	the banker looked at them, but he did not touch them.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
the great 13th-- can't we all see him in the face of this beautiful child?	we see his features in the child's face.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
but seemingly fitting compensation.	but compensation is obviously appropriate.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
but sneaking into a movie is practically stealing, man. - " practically"?	but, going dark to the cinema is kind of like stealing, guys.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
i've reached a plateau in my analysis.	i've reached a point in therapy.	Non-paraphrase
one day i dragged him out of a ditch.	one day i pulled it out of a trench trench.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
2012/c 399/37 language of the case: english parties applicant: tesa se (hamburg, germany) (represented by:	no 207 / 2009) 2012 / c 399 / 37 language of the case: english parties applicant: tesa se (hamburg, germany) (represented by:	Addition/Deletion
you know what's going on down there?	what's going on down there?	Ellipsis
(not checked out)	(nereading)	Non-paraphrase
what a wonderful strong grip you've got!	how wonderful your hand.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
best seats in the house.	tomorrow night, best seats.	Non-paraphrase
it always comes with an aftertaste.	there's always a taste in the bottom.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
he's worshipped like a god.	she has complete and uncontested power.	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
i mean,you know, if i did,	no.	Non-paraphrase
oh, poor b. i'm growing up and obviously you're not, huh?	poor b!	Addition/Deletion
we've got to get out of austria... ...and this house... ...tonight.	we have to leave austria and this house tonight.	Punctuation changes
see.	i'll be right there.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
box 10.000, 5250 ga vlijmen, nl ciba geigy semences s.a.	box 1, 4416 zg kruiningen, nl innoseeds bv p.o. box 10,000, 5250 ga vlinames, nl ciba geigy semences s.a.	Addition/Deletion
overall context and requirements description of the current and planned network situation including ernd, atfm, airports and scarce resources challenges and opportunities related to the time period of the plan (including traffic demand forecast and worldwide evolution)	general controls and requirements description of the current and planned network situation, including the design of the european route for ats (emff), air traffic flow (atfm), airports and limited resources challenges and opportunities in relation to the schedule of the plan (including forecast demand for traffic and global development)	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
just do your picture, and i'm going to read your mind.	just draw the line, and i'll read your mind.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
"i'm gonna send a message using the real thing."	i'm not his girlfriend.	Non-paraphrase
my big sister misery no problem.	my big sister misery no problem.	Verbatim
good morning, sheriff!	morning, sheriff!	Ellipsis
"emilie is loving and generous	"emilie is generous and kind,	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
kellen, don't even...	no way.	Non-paraphrase
and she wants to take me out to lunch.	and she wants to go to lunch with me?	Syntax/discourse structure changes
from the rotunda ahead, instead of quiet music and hushed, shuffling footsteps, a startled babble poured.	there was an unexpected surprised noise from the front of the quiet music and the muffled shuffling of his feet.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
damn, i was just trying to have a good meal.	i just wanted to get over my head.	Non-paraphrase
mr. wallace couldn't follow simple instructions.	mr. wallace couldn't follow simple instructions.	Verbatim
start page en/motor buses cz/noge sk/noge pl/noge de/noge en/noge	start page en / buses cz / noge sk / noge pl / noge de / noge en / noge	Addition/Deletion
in addition, data from beneficiary monitoring surveys was not verified by the authorities (poland and the czech republic).	in addition, the authorities did not verify the data from the monitoring surveys for the beneficiaries (poland and the czech republic).	Syntax/discourse structure changes
i can't tell him, phoebe.	i can't tell him, phoebe.	Verbatim
smiling, mr. baynes said, "the case, too."	"keep the holster," mr baynes explained with a smile.	Change of order
he doesn't get headaches.	toys don't hurt.	Non-paraphrase
screw you, you arrogant little bastard!	damn you, you arrogant prick.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
princess, i was sent to rescue you by lord farquaad, ok?	princess, i was sent to rescue you by lord farqaad.	Ellipsis
"i've heard a great deal about you.	"i've heard a lot about you."	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
concigarato unmelitus. - unmelitus.	no, no, no, no.	Non-paraphrase
put your hands on your fucking heads!	hands behind your head!	Syntax/discourse structure changes
i made this one, and i made this.	i made this one and this one.	Coordination changes
coulson.	coulson.	Verbatim
excuse me, just...	i'm sorry.	Semantic based
a convoy of 5-10 trucks with good canadian whiskey will be met by a high-level member of the capone organisation.	a high-ranking member of the capone organization is to meet the convoy of 5-10 trucks of good canadian whisky.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
the commission, after having carried out community inspections and after having informed the member states, shall set the date on which dispatch of the products referred to in paragraph 1 may commence.	following the implementation of community inspections and when informed by the member states, the commission shall set a date for which the dispatch of the products referred to in paragraph 1 may be initiated.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
miss carmen talks about you all the time.	miss carmen has been talking about you all the time.	Derivational Changes
are you asking me or reading about it?	do you or did you read about it?	Syntax/discourse structure changes
mostly sand and terrorists.	mostly sand and terrorists.	Verbatim
she smiled and patted my shoulder.	she laughed and patted me on the shoulder.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
on 17 march 2014, the council adopted an updated version of the list which takes into account changes in the wassenaar arrangement’s munitions list agreed at the 2013 plenary meeting of the arrangement.	on 17 march 2014, the council adopted an updated version of this list, which takes into account changes to the list of ammunition in the wassenaar arrangement, as agreed at the plenary session of the arrangement in 2013.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
whatever had once lived there lived no longer.	whatever lived here was not more.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
did you measure them?	no, no, no.	Non-paraphrase
he just said,"throw them out."	he just said, "drop them out!" he's the boss.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
if we don’t punish him, we’ll set a bad example.	if we don't punish him, we'll give others a bad example.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
i can see into the future too, but better than kyle.	i can also look into the future, but better than kyle.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
- en -	the commission is hereby invited to bring forward proposals for amendment of the council regulation.	Non-paraphrase
you can talk.	so, say it.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
a bazooka is not an accident, you delusional bitch.	the bazooka's not an accident, you crazy bitch.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
this is the girll jotted down last night.	that's the girl i signed yesterday.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
i could smell your foot on that one.	i practically felt your foot.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
six blocks in toward the center of the city, he went into a used-clothing store called play it again, sam.	six blocks farther into the centre, he entered the second handheld shop called zahra to play again, sam.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
you travelled a long way to pay that promoter to electrocute you.	you took a long way to pay for your injuries.	Identity
to bask in history.	bury yourself in history	Semantic based
let's do it.	let's go.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
innocent lives are at stake.	innocent lives are at stake.	Verbatim
and they could see there were definitely flecks of green mined on the jagged surface of the material.	and now they could see clearly that tiny veins of green mass were woven into the defrosted surface.	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
something i got, you don't.	i do, and you don't.	Ellipsis
"i am fearful for you, for us, for all of the things we represent."	"i'm worried about you, about us, about everything we introduce."	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
tradition dictates that everyone gives me a gift of cash.	according to tradition, everyone has to give me as a gift of cash.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
it's true. you possess many of the qualities that voldemort himself prizes.	it's true, harry, you have many properties voldemort had.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
juan carlos de la torre rovira (no 988/2007);	juan carlos de la torre rovira (no 988 / 2007);	Punctuation changes
survey response	survey answers	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
because, to a large degree, they're softer, they have lower melting points, so the intuition was right.	because they're softer, they have a lower melting temperature.	Ellipsis
if it's your immediate family. do you know how many children i have? no.	besides, you've taken the 132 days of vacation since you started.	Non-paraphrase
wait a minute, you-- she-- you're engaged?	wait, you... you're engaged?	Synthetic/analytic substitution
yeah, wear myself out.	sure.	Non-paraphrase
from amidst the clutter, mccoy's eyes picked out the one small item that had drawn kirk's attention.	mccoy's eyes seemed to recognize one small thing that caught kirk's attention.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
so burton.	could it be a little more specific?	Non-paraphrase
marietta's rock, pirate's cove and trenton's pride... ...came away smartly, with jordan's revenge...	come on!	Non-paraphrase
when applying paragraphs 1 and 3, income derived from work and a dwelling and income from a significant holding in the year shall be determined without taking account of income to be retained.	for the purposes of applying paragraphs 1 and 3, income from work and of housing and income from a substantial share reached in a calendar year shall be determined, irrespective of the revenue to be retained.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
environmental determinants of health, with a particular emphasis on the health impact of environmental factors, including indoor air quality and exposure to toxic chemicals, in particular carcinogenic, mutagenic, reprotoxic and allergenic substances ;	health factors related to the environment, with a particular emphasis on the impact of environmental factors on health, including air quality in enclosures and exposure to toxic chemicals, including carcinogenic, mutagenic, reprotoxic and allergenic substances.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
derek jeter, picking a baseball out of the air, in a diving play	deter jeter announced his retirement	Subordination and nesting changes
the most ardent advocate of expanded health care rights should agree that the forum for that advocacy is the parliament, not the european court of justice.	even the most ardent advocate of expanded health care should acknowledge that parliament, rather than the european court of justice, is a platform for defending this view.	Change of order
all right. don't make no noise.	all right, but keep it down.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
he shook hands solemnly.	he and jim shook hands.	Non-paraphrase
she sighed and then laughed a warm tinkle of a laugh.	she sighed and then made a laugh.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
parsons holds engineering degrees from the university of mississippi and the university of central florida.	he received a master's in engineering management in 1991 from the university of central florida.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
according to an arrest warrant released tuesday, dotson admitted to fbi agents that he shot dennehy in the head "because patrick had tried to shoot him."	the civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month - sliding down to 6.1 percent - as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000.	Non-paraphrase
in addition, 6,800 people were in quarantine and thousands of health-care workers in working quarantine.	about 1,000 people attended the ceremony, kicking off two days of observances tied to the march on washington.	Non-paraphrase
the management board shall be chaired by a representative of the european coordination office, which shall provide secretarial support.	the administrative board shall be chaired by a representative of the european coordination office, which shall provide the administrative board with the secretariat.	Ellipsis
this is for you my son.	that's for you, son.	Ellipsis
but you do believe mr. crosby disappeared in front of me?	but do you believe mr. crosby disappeared right in front of me?	Change of order
get more apps from the store	new updates available from	Non-paraphrase
he's gonna smoke us.	we're gonna make it.	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
moreover, adjustments in the dose of oral anticoagulants may be necessary (see sections 4.5 and 4.8).	furthermore, dose adjustment of oral anticoagulants may be necessary (see sections 4.5 and 4.8).	Change of order
in the latter case, since the resident company making the distribution has already accounted for act on the profits distributed, a tax credit is granted to the resident company receiving the distribution, thereby allowing that company to pay an equivalent amount by way of dividends to its own shareholders without having to account for act.	in that latter case, if a distributed company-resident has already paid the act, it is the company-resident who is the beneficiary of those dividends, which confers a discount on the tax, which allows the latter company to distribute the same amount of dividends to its shareholders, without having to pay the act.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
all my problems are because of that thing.	the necklace caused all my problems.	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
with stefan?	with stefan?	Semantic based
38 – see footnote 10 above.	38 - see footnote 10 above.	Punctuation changes
those of you who are here as replacements can step outside and follow lieutenant lewis.	those of you who came as a complement to the crew follow lieutenant lewis.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
the muscles in his lower back and legs refused to obey him.	the muscles in his back and legs refused him to listen.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
but it'll work?	but will it work?	Spelling changes
on the contrary, dfrc/dfia credits are freely transferable, can even be sold and be used for imports of any unrestrictedly importable goods (the input materials of the product concerned belong to this category), except capital goods.	on the contrary, dfrc / dfia credits are freely transferable, they can even be sold and used to import imported goods without restrictions (the entry materials of the product concerned belong to this category), except in the case of long-term assets.	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
that's why courage it's tricky.	that's why the courage is so treacherous.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
and its many...	and there's so much...	Syntax/discourse structure changes
look, see?	do you see that?	Syntax/discourse structure changes
the company found my calculations to be "excessively conservative."	the company found my calculations as "unduly cautious."	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
if it ain't here, you must've missed something.	you must have missed him.	Spelling changes
you connect all days for his mother?	you call your mom every day?	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
this time he did not go back to the boat.	this time he didn't even return to the boat.	Spelling changes
oh, hey, that's great.	oh, that's great.	Ellipsis
the mage started to leave again but once more felt his brother's hand on his arm.	again he headed for the exit from the tent, but again he felt his brother's hand on his shoulder.	Identity
i know you have, tommy, catch a break like this.	i know you do, tommy.	Addition/Deletion
this is a set of remains that will give us the man who killed sweets.	it's the remains that lead us to the man who killed sweets.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
he's not a human.	it's jason!	Non-paraphrase
i'll trivial the sacrifice, when all of the china is my reward!	little sacrifice if i have the whole of china to pay for it.	Subordination and nesting changes
no, this one belonged to someone important .	no, this one belonged to someone.	Identity
i didn't get to practice.	i'm not sure.	Non-paraphrase
harderthan that?	more pressure?	Non-paraphrase
they've even got an entire college devoted to the reading of tea leaves."	they have an entire department dedicated to downing tea leaves. "	Spelling changes
positive thinking!	think about it.	Non-paraphrase
you got all wet	you're all wet.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
send %{begin_link1}system information%{end_link1}	send% {begin _ link1} information about% {end _ link1}	Punctuation changes
no!	you'll be happy.	Non-paraphrase
by opis oh mama!	god damn it!	Semantic based
let me- - get your hands off!	don't touch me!	Semantic based
it'd be something you'd regret every day for the rest of your life.	it could be something that every day for the rest of your life, you could feel sorry for yourself.	Subordination and nesting changes
please make sure that the url for creating sites under is correct.	make sure the url for creating subwebsites is correct.	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
i've been saving for a place like this since i started working.	on a place like this i've been saving since i started working.	Change of order
here, in the night club.	here, at a nightclub.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
ling.	what about ling?	Non-paraphrase
your hat and coat, mr. harrow.	your hat and your cape, mr. harrow.	Ellipsis
we'll have a competition.	the competition will be.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
sheldon, you just can't dictate-- - no more talking.	sheldon, you can't order...	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
look at that again, that's round the outside,	let's see again. he's taking it from the outside.	Identity
business guy.	entrepreneurs.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
simply outstanding!	chappie!	Non-paraphrase
you know why i don't get hard any more?	i've had enough.	Non-paraphrase
i got a date with the girl from the electronics store.	i have a date with a girl from the electronics store.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
this is our new teacher.	this is our new teacher.	Semantic based
i was just checking with the department.	i just called the department.	Identity
it's all right.	it's no big deal.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
would you please sign this?	would you sign this for me?	Syntax/discourse structure changes
but, look you, mates have been separated.	but look, the species are divided.	Semantic based
i mean sure, i don't love that he just did a business deal behind his father's back and lost millions of dollars.	i mean, i don't like him doing business at the back of his own father and losing millions of dollars.	Subordination and nesting changes
you are crazy.	you're crazy.	Spelling changes
sleet was ticking against the window.	a drizzle was tapping into the window.	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
did the wife and kid have it coming?	it must have come!	Non-paraphrase
we are finding my body and i am totally passing over.	we'll find my body and i'll cross.	Inflectional Changes
now i believe there was some mention of a ransom?	now i suppose i heard something about a ransom.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
bo, you have skills that can help people. bo, you have skills that can help people.	bo, you have skills that can help people.	Semantic based
-no, not that, either.	no, it's not.	Semantic based
besides, i can see you're just bursting to tell me anyway.	besides, i see you're still bursting with just how much you want to tell me.	Identity
why won't you talk to me, frank?	why don't you talk to me, frank?	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
you see, what's happened is that the cliff keeps on going.	you know, the thing is that the reef simply goes on.	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
are you sure?	yes.	Non-paraphrase
if we run a nerve-conduction study on the surface of her brain, we'll see the dead spots.	if we test the conductivity of nerves on the surface of her brain, we'll see the dead spots.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
run out the cannons and hold for my signal!	prepare the guns and await my order.	Semantic based
who's that? - that's daddy.	it's dad.	Semantic based
would've keep planning missions and find ways to kill max until you got us all killed?	over and over again, you'd still plan to get max out of here until we all ate.	Semantic based
he did not wish to know me any more.	he didn't want to come to my house.	Spelling changes
so sit there!	sit there.	Punctuation changes
was incapable of change. look at you two branching out.	and look at you two.	Non-paraphrase
tacked across one wall of glenn’s office were the last seven days of front pages.	across the one wall of glenn's office, the marks of the last seven had been pinned on the front page.	Semantic based
tom?	what's going on?	Non-paraphrase
the ru must take into account the vehicle or train set braking performance determined when placed in service.	the railway undertaking must take into account the braking performance of the vehicle or the train specified at the time of the entry into service.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
enable anonymous iksd logins?	enable anonymous iksd login?	Spelling changes
nah.	you could be dead.	Non-paraphrase
proposal for a council decision on the signature of the agreement between the european community and the principality of liechtenstein providing for measures equivalent to those laid down in council directive 2003/48/ec of 3 june 2003 on taxation of savings income in the form of interest payments and the approval and signature of the accompanying memorandum of understanding /* com/2004/0569 final */ proposal for a council decision on the signature of the agreement between the european community and the principality of liechtenstein providing for measures equivalent to those laid down in council directive 2003/48/ec of 3 june 2003 on taxation of savings income in the form of interest payments and the approval and signature of the accompanying memorandum of understanding (presented by the commission)	proposal for a council decision on the signing of the agreement between the european community and the principality of liechtenstein concerning the establishment of measures equivalent to the measures laid down in council directive 2003 / 48 / ec of 3 june 2003 on the taxation of revenue from savings in the form of an income of interest income and the approval and signature of the accompanying memorandum of understanding / * com / 2004 / 0569 final * / proposal for a council decision on the signature of the agreement between the european community and the principality of liechtenstein of 3 june 2003 on the determination of the measures, which are equivalent to the measures set out in council directive 2003 / 48 / ec of 3 june 2003 on the taxation of the income of interest income and the adoption and signature of the accompanying memorandum of understanding (submitted by the commission)	Semantic based
at least, i'm listening.	at least i'm listening.	Punctuation changes
as they are with the help of doctors or programs.	i read the studie- people get 10 times more likely to change themselves, than with the help of doctors or programs.	Non-paraphrase
his sentencing didn't go well. now he wants a deal.	the trial didn't go according to his imagination. now he wants a deal.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
mr. swanson's corporeal huskto be an urgent priority.	because i didn't consider mr. swanson's welfare to be a priority.	Non-paraphrase
get him down. get him down.	pull him down.	Semantic based
this global catalog server no longer automatically covers site '%1' for forest '%2'.	this global catalog server does not automatically cover the network '% 1' in the '% 2' forest.	Semantic based
the number of intercepted cases increased by 15% compared to 2010.	the quantity of goods held increased by 15% compared to 2010.	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
i promise you, you can leave.	i promise you i'll let you go.	Semantic based
all right, if that's what he wants.	all right, if he wants it.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
ees s.r.o. - environmentální a ekologické služby - english - comprehensive ecological services	ees s.r.o. - environmental and ecological services - comprehensive environmental services	Semantic based
member states shall, without further legal or administrative requirements, allow regulated markets from other member states to provide appropriate arrangements on their territory so as to facilitate access to and trading on those markets by remote members or participants established in their territory.	member states shall, without further legal or administrative requirements, allow regulated markets from other member states to create, in their territory, appropriate schemes to facilitate access to such markets or trading on them by remote members or participants established in their territory.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
should we just book this place for the rehearsal dinner as well?	can we rent this place for your wedding dinner?	Non-paraphrase
unrecognized desktop file version '%s'	integer value '% s'	Identity
i don't know!	there's got to be somebody!	Identity
dad! mom's waiting for you.	dad, mom's waiting for you.	Punctuation changes
there may well be shock troops here somewhere, an elite cadre... though when folk are kept here for centuries, their bodies and minds both must at least begin to deteriorate.	there might be a real battle unit, an elite cadre... though, for centuries underground, their minds and bodies must surely begin to gather.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
wow, that's a lot of money.	wow, that's a lot of money.	Semantic based
it's all on a need-to-know basis. you know that.	you know what you have to do.	Non-paraphrase
you want this?	what do you mean?	Non-paraphrase
i've seen that movie half a dozen times and i still don't know who the real spartacus is.	oh, yeah?	Non-paraphrase
"which sort do you like best?" he asked.	"what do you think is the prettiest?"	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
you're coming home in the morning, right?	you'll be home tomorrow morning, right?	Inflectional Changes
just notice who isn't here. aha.	just take note of who's not here.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
i thought you went home to crash.	i thought you were going home to rest.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
film maker in history of cinema, -	director in film history, -	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
because, you know, i'm not prejudiced.	because you know, i'm not interested.	Identity
a demon in your body.	the devil in your body.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
hey. does wade like johnny cash or not?	hey, does he like johnny cash or not?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
the industrial future of europe will depend, to a degree, on how we tackle this.	2.2 european citizens and organised civil society pay much attention to the problem of industrial and mining waste.	Non-paraphrase
well, be my guest.	well, be my guest.	Semantic based
okay, everybody, we're having a baby, we're having a baby.	we're gonna have a baby.	Inflectional Changes
you know, the most prestigious christian prep school in austin.	you know, the most prestigious christian prep in austin.	Ellipsis
nodes	nodes	Semantic based
the term ‘loaf-shaped’ describes a rectangular cheese.	the expression "shape of the loaf" expresses the rectangular shape of the cheese.	Semantic based
oh can i play sure	can i play?	Ellipsis
in the light of the above, the provisional finding of the existence of a causal link between the material injury suffered by the union industry and the dumped chinese imports is confirmed.	on the basis of the above, the provisional findings concerning the existence of a causal link between the material injury suffered by the union industry and the chinese dumped imports are confirmed.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
it would be wiser ...	it would be better...	Identity
i found this one online.	i bought it online.	Non-paraphrase
and ruining that spirit or risking her life over that draggled outsider was not worth it.	and everything could go wrong by taking on the outsider; it really wouldn't be worth it.	Subordination and nesting changes
mona: i think it's a terrible idea.	i think it's a bad idea.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
33 on 5 october 2006, the council of the european union adopted regulation (ec) no 1472/2006 imposing a definitive anti-dumping duty and collecting definitely the provisional duty imposed on imports of certain footwear with uppers of leather originating in the people’s republic of china and vietnam (oj 2006 l 275, p.	33 on 5 october 2006, the council of the european union adopted council regulation (ec) no 1472 / 2006 on the imposition of a definitive anti-dumping duty on imports of certain footwear with a top of leather originating in the people's republic of china and vietnam and the final selection of the provisional duty imposed (oj l 275, p. 1, hereinafter referred to as "the contested regulation").	Addition/Deletion
please don't say such a thing.	please don't say things like that.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
the commission shall be empowered to adopt implementing acts pursuant to article 26 to define the format of the fee information document, its common symbol and the order in which the services referred to in paragraph 5 of article 3 shall be presented in the fee information document.	the commission shall be empowered to adopt implementing acts in accordance with article 26 in order to define the format of the communication of the information on charges, its common symbol and the order in which the services referred to in article 3 (5) are presented in the communication of the charges.	Subordination and nesting changes
jack, you make wounds ooze and flesh crawl!	oh, jack...	Addition/Deletion
the member states shall notify the commission on the fifth working day following the end of the application submission period of applications submitted for each of the products in the group.	member states shall notify the commission on the fifth working day for the expiry of the period following the submission of applications, which have been submitted for each product of the group.	Subordination and nesting changes
these peasants are tiresome, damn!	you won't be grateful to the peasants.	Semantic based
no. wherein i suggested that you take your head and store it within yourself in a fashion that, well, while space-saving might limit its exposure to sunshine.	i designed you to take your head and put it in your body.	Non-paraphrase
the dispute in the main proceedings and the questions referred for a preliminary ruling 10 the applicant in the main proceedings, 4finance, is a company that grants, by correspondence, loans of a small amount within a short period.	the dispute in the main proceedings and the questions referred for a preliminary ruling 10 the applicant in the main proceedings, 4finance, provides small values at a distance of a long loan.	Ellipsis
‘nowhere is safe now.’	"nowhere safe now."	Ellipsis
from to at be bg cy cz de dk ee el es fi fr hu ie it lt lu lv mt nl pl pt ro se si sk uk notices from member states en official journal of the european union c 85/12 commission communication pursuant to article 16(4) of regulation (ec) no 1008/2008 of the european parliament and of the council on common rules for the operation of air services in the community public service obligations in respect of scheduled air services (text with eea relevance)	od at at be bg cy cz de dk ee el es fi fr hu ie it lt it it lt lu lv mt nl pl pt ro se si sk uk information from the member states en official journal of the european union c 85 / 2008 on common rules for the operation of air services in the community public service obligations in connection with regular air services (text with eea relevance)	Addition/Deletion
you hate tourists.	you hate tourists.	Semantic based
such identification is capable of showing that the quantities of slurry to be delivered are in principle actually intended to be used for the purpose of fertilising the plots of land of the farmers concerned.	such a definition can indicate that the quantities of manure supplied are, in principle, actually intended to cover the fertilisation of the land concerned by the farmers concerned.	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
it's sir kmicic!	it's mr. kmicic!	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
murderface: yeah, that works for me. nathan:	what the fuck are you talking about?	Non-paraphrase
and we can all breathe a little easier.	now we're about to breathe a little bit better.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
yes, because you knew i would take you out of france, which is exactly what i'm gonna do.	yeah, 'cause you knew i'd take out of france, and that's what i'm gonna do.	Spelling changes
shimizu spun and took the blade against the wristband on his arm.	simizu turned and caught the arm of his forearm with his protected armor.	Identity
reluctantly miller closed the bag and looked curiously at their prisoner.	he reluctantly closed the pack and looked questioningly at the prisoners.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
i have a very dramatic audition this afternoon.	i have an important audition this afternoon.	Semantic based
oh,i just work for fun,george. i love working at the furniture store.	all right, the license is ready.	Non-paraphrase
"i cannot bear to be parted from you now, even for a moment, john carter," she said.	"i can't separate myself from you now, john carter," she said fearfully.	Semantic based
he got claustrophobic.	he got claustrophobic.	Semantic based
you can still give us trouble.	we're gonna miss you.	Non-paraphrase
we're living on the edge.	we live on the edge.	Inflectional Changes
costs 125 under article 138(1) of the rules of procedure, the unsuccessful party is to be ordered to pay the costs if they have been applied for in the successful party’s pleadings.	costs 125 under article 138 (1) of the rules of procedure, the unsuccessful party is to be ordered to pay the costs if they have been applied for in the successful party's pleadings.	Punctuation changes
no, it's just that he's busy with the lawsuit.	no, he just has a lot of work to do with the case.	Semantic based
you are my only proposal these days that has not been turned down	you're the only one my name is.	Non-paraphrase
this allows you to set the resolution of the goom display (bigger resolution will be prettier but more cpu intensive).	it allows you to configure goom view (greater resolution will be more beautiful, but more difficult for cpu).	Syntax/discourse structure changes
wait. i have got the biggest scoop.	wait, i have a great catch.	Identity
it's very fitted.	it's perfect.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
hey, sir, i want to ride that wave.	sir, i want the wave.	Semantic based
toots is dead.	toots is dead.	Semantic based
i just wanna make sure i'm being clear about that.	i just want to make sure we're clear on this.	Spelling changes
(can tab pops) in my experience, people like you don't change.	in my experience, people like you don't change.	Addition/Deletion
yeah, but... maybe with the anniversary coming up, he started thinking about it and... he wants to give it another try.	well, maybe, now that it's our anniversary, he's started to think about it, and he wants to try again.	Punctuation changes
other novitiates are seeing visions of saints, or hearing voices calling them to god.	other novices see saints, or hear voices, calling them to god.	Punctuation changes
body has multiple fracture injuries... ...consistent with a high fall of more than 20 feet.	he has suffered numerous fractures that correspond to a fall from seven meters.	Subordination and nesting changes
okay, you're right.	are you still doing this?	Non-paraphrase
if you don't mind, clark, i'd like to see if i can fumigate this here chair.	if you don't mind, clark, i'll disinfect the chair with smoke.	Identity
hello. hello. very happy to tell you that me being a dead-waker gives you exactly one minute to help you help us by confirming my partner's theory.	i'm very happy to announce that as a baker reviving the dead...... i give you one minute to confirm my partner's theory.	Coordination changes
maria!	maria?	Punctuation changes
article 2, which defines the concept of discrimination, provides as follows:	article 2, which defines the concept of "discrimination," provides:	Punctuation changes
world war i mines still go off in france... ..long after the soldiersthat planted them died.	mines from world war ii are blowing up, even if those who set them up are long dead.	Coordination changes
well, then, what does teresa do?	then what does your teresa do?	Ellipsis
"within two hours of his arrest, martin mcfly jr was tried, convicted, and sentenced to 15 years in the state penitentiary"?	"two hours after the arrest, was martin mcfly jr." convicted and sentenced to 15 years in a state prison? "	Syntax/discourse structure changes
only if you wear these dream pants.	only if you wear these new pants.	Semantic based
hi, marlene from accounting.	hello, marlene from accounting!	Punctuation changes
we have rules in privinþa dogs.	we have principles here in the dogs.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
they say evil prevails when good men fail to act.	he says evil comes when a good man fails.	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
it shall be prohibited to provide services directly related to tourism activities in crimea or sevastopol, by nationals of member states, or from the territories of member states, or using vessels or aircraft under the jurisdiction of member states.	it shall be prohibited to provide services directly related to tourism activities in crimea or sevastopol by nationals of member states or from the territory of the member states, or the use of vessels or aircraft falling within the competence of the member states.	Punctuation changes
auguste renoir painted a couple promenading in the park.	auguste renoir painted the pair passing in the park.	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
that building just has shutters, here and there.	that house there - "he pointed to a b building," has bars.	Direct/indirect style alternations
we'll be back with the heartbreaking story of the blind rhode island boy who was duped into buying a dead parakeet.	we'll be back in a few minutes with a heart-wrenching story... a blind boy from rhode island who lied to him...... and sold him a dead bird.	Subordination and nesting changes
fast train no. 742 to hradec králové, pardubice...	(air raid report) quick to hradka kings...	Non-paraphrase
same label of course.	of course under the same "labeel."	Punctuation changes
it was a great outpouring of the spirit... ...and i'll not inflict myself on you any further.	it was a tremendous outpouring of spirit... and i'll stop bothering you.	Semantic based
come out!	run!	Identity
such disparities, and the absence of horizontal legislation in some member states, would be liable to create barriers to trade and distortion of competition within the internal market.	if community rules do not exist, the horizontal legislation of the member states on the safety of products, which impose a general obligation on operators in particular to place only safe products on the market, lead to a different level of consumer protection.	Semantic based
please, just...	please, just... i'll give you whatever you want.	Addition/Deletion
you want to wait? here?	you want to wait?	Addition/Deletion
i'm not afraid of harvey.	i'm not afraid.	Identity
that obligation has the same scope as that enshrined in article 253 ec.	that obligation has the same scope as the obligation enshrined in article 253 ec.	Ellipsis
she's going to new york.	he's going to new york.	Inflectional Changes
a monster.	just a monster.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
we have access to the nsa's complete sat-feed history!	we have access to the complete history of the nsa satellites.	Diathesis alternation
how do you remove scar on face ?	how do you remove scar on yourface ?	Ellipsis
what kind of training be require to become a morgue assistant ?	what be a morgue assistant ?	Non-paraphrase
how much math be invove in architecture ?	how many math class be need for architecture ?	Identity
how do panda look after there baby ?	what baby do panda have ?	Non-paraphrase
what summer fruit be serve in summer ?	what be the seasonal fruit in summer ?	Semantic based
how many teaspoon of ground cinnamon be in 18 ounce ?	how many teaspoon cinnamon in a ounce ?	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
what blood vessel do earth-worm have ?	how much blood vessel do a earth worm have ?	Non-paraphrase
what be the ` obstruction rule ' in netball ?	what be do obstruction mean in netball ?	Punctuation changes
how be jaundice be cause ?	how be jaundice catch ?	Non-paraphrase
how many calorie be there in cheesecake ?	how many calorie in pumpkin cheesecake slice ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
what be the protection of a insect ?	do insect fight to protect themselves ?	Identity
how mush she worth ?	what be joe dimaggio autograph worth ?	Non-paraphrase
the first judicial distric in illinoi be located in ?	how many judicial district in illinois ?	Non-paraphrase
how do the scientist ptolemy die ?	why be cluadius ptolemy famous ?	Non-paraphrase
how do fruit get transport from france to england ?	how be fruit transport overseas ?	Semantic based
how can you become a actress in real life ?	how can you become a actress when you live in independence mo ?	Semantic based
what be the normal pulse rate for a 7 year old child ?	what be the normal pulse rate for 7 year old child ?	Ellipsis
what be yhe meanyng of caper ?	what be like a caper ?	Syntax/discourse structure changes
how do the we constitution fix financial problem ?	how do the constitution fix they weakness ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
why be the colony of connecticut be found ?	why the colony of connecticut be found ?	Ellipsis
replace a clutch on a b2200 ?	ajust clutch on 1989 mazda b2200 ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
what be double d cup size ?	word with two d 's ?	Non-paraphrase
about how many shrimp would equal one pound ?	how many pound of shrimp equal one gallon ?	Semantic based
can you use a smaller propane tank on a home bbq ?	what be the size of a bbq propane tank ?	Non-paraphrase
how much moon weigh ?	how much do the earths moon weigh ?	Ellipsis
what be the process use in water treatment ?	heat treatment and fumigation how long be treatment good for ?	Non-paraphrase
what be michael jordan current career ?	tracy mccrady career high ?	Non-paraphrase
how many syllable do the word coat have ?	how many syllable do coat have in it ?	Ellipsis
what level be the tyrogue that the blackbelt give you ?	what level be a blackbelt ?	Ellipsis
how big be one pyramid ?	what be the biggest pyramid and how big ?	Non-paraphrase
do suboxone reacte with zanax ?	can you take suboxone and immediately take a zanax ?	Syntax/discourse structure changes
what be the total length in yard of a nflcollege football field ?	length of nfl field ?	Non-paraphrase
substance that be a pure compound ?	what be the substance of compound ?	Non-paraphrase
what be you federal electorate ?	what be the name of the federal electorate ?	Semantic based
how much do a lamborgini murcelago cost ?	how much bhp lamborginus murcelago ?	Identity
how do the geography of vietnam affect the fighting ?	what be vietnam geography ?	Identity
how much do a trash collector make in sc ?	how much do a trash collector make in texas ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
can plant a apricot seed from ?	how can you plant a apricot seed ?	Identity
what be type of ocean current ?	what be the type of ocean current that affect the us ?	Addition/Deletion
how much do you earn as a musician ?	what be need to become a musician ?	Non-paraphrase
strategy interpretation simplify business model of fsc ?	scope of strategy in a business organization ?	Non-paraphrase
what be the price of milk in the 1930s ?	what be the price of milk in 1919 ?	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
what arethe basic component of confucianism ?	what be the principle of confucianism ?	Semantic based
how heavy be a squirrell ?	how heavy be a white squirrel ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
what be distance between houston and biloxi ?	how many mile between lexington mississippus and houston texa ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
alat alat yang digunakan untuk wau ?	peralatan yang digunakan untuk membuat wau ?	Ellipsis
what be the qualification for become vice-prsident and president ?	what be the qualification to become a president and a vice president of the philippine government ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
what be the nost common fingerprint ?	which fingerprint pattern be most common ?	Diathesis alternation
net worth jayzee ?	what be e-40 net worth ?	Non-paraphrase
number of beach in californium ?	what be the number of beach in california ?	Ellipsis
how much do a 3 bedroom house cost in arizona ?	how much do rent usually cost for a 3 bedroom house ?	Identity
how much money be gold car ?	how much money be gold ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
how many people in the us military as of 2008 ?	how many people be in the austrilian military ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
how much money be nick canon worth ?	how much money be nick cannon worth ?	Spelling changes
how can you change scooter grip ?	how do you change razor scooter grip ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
how much cardboard be use each year ?	when will toxic 2 nitrome come out ?	Non-paraphrase
what be the tagalog of the lyric pamulinawen ?	what be the tagalog of the lyric pamulinawen ?	Semantic based
what be the difference between recall and recognition measure ?	the difference between recall and remember ?	Ellipsis
what percent of sea salt be sodium ?	in salt what content be more iodine or sodium ?	Addition/Deletion
how do the of battle of khe sanh affected the soldier ?	how many marike die at khe sahn ?	Non-paraphrase
what be the function hypha ?	what be the hypha ?	Identity
how many step of meiosis be there ?	how many step be meiosis typically accomplish in ?	Syntax/discourse structure changes
what be the main ancient greek philosopher ?	who be some of ancient greek philosopher ?	Semantic based
how do you attract a girl without look ?	how you can attract a sexy girl ?	Non-paraphrase
license for locksmith in florida ?	what be need to become a locksmith in mich ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
how many window be on the white house ?	how many window white house ?	Ellipsis
where on a map be south america ?	where be the south america ocean on the map ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
how many homeless in 1931 ?	how many elder be homeless ?	Non-paraphrase
what music be most comman in argentina ?	what be the traditional music play in argentina ?	Semantic based
what be the boiling point of a antimony ?	what be the boiling point of antimony ?	Ellipsis
what be the stroke butterfly ?	how many kick per pull can you take for butterfly stroke ?	Non-paraphrase
what be the new neo dragonoid ?	how many g do a battletron have ?	Non-paraphrase
puppy blind ?	what be the symptom of a blind puppy ?	Non-paraphrase
what be the oxidation number for s ?	what be the oxidation number of tin in sno2 ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
what be the difference bewteen public relation and marketing ?	how be market different from public relation ?	Syntax/discourse structure changes
what size be a tuna fish ?	what be the size of a gray tuna fish ?	Ellipsis
what be the symptom of high gas in the body ?	what be the symptom of high gas in the human body ?	Ellipsis
where be the thermometer first make at ?	why be the thermometer make ?	Non-paraphrase
where can you download prominence ?	how can you use prominence in a sentence ?	Non-paraphrase
how many chuck norris 's do it take to screw on a light bulb ?	how many blonde do it take the screw in a light bulb ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
what type of multivitamin be best ?	how do you choose the best multivitamin for you ?	Non-paraphrase
what be the suffix for acknowledgement ?	what be reflective acknowledgement ?	Non-paraphrase
how much do a rabies shot for a puppy cost ?	how much do rabie shot cost for puppy ?	Syntax/discourse structure changes
be john ena single ?	be john cena single ?	Semantic based
how many calorie in 2 oz turkey meat ?	how many calorie in 1.5 oz turkey ?	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
where be temple of tooth ?	where be temple of the tooth ?	Ellipsis
patrick from fob be gay ?	patrick stump from fall out boy ?	Non-paraphrase
how do atp work ?	how do the atp-pc ssytem work ?	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
how much dose a kinesiology make ?	how much be the income of a kinesiologist ?	Syntax/discourse structure changes
wi-fi wireless adapter use which type of technology ?	when be the wus fus gift ?	Non-paraphrase
civil war general who cut they tooth during the mexican american war ?	who be the american general during the mexican war ?	Non-paraphrase
can you take ultram and prozac ?	can you take tramadol and prozac together ?	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
a insect that start with letter e ?	what insect start with a e ?	Syntax/discourse structure changes
which talkshow host be marry to connie chung ?	who have connie chung date ?	Identity
how do the part in the kidney work ?	how work kidney ?	Syntax/discourse structure changes
how do you become a mod in platform racing 2 ?	how do you become a mod on platform race ?	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
how do hookworm reproduce ?	how do a hookworm reproduce ?	Ellipsis
be magic marble toxic ?	be magic marker toxic ?	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
1 ounce equal how many tablespoon ?	how many tablespoon equal a oz ?	Identity
what do buddist pray about ?	how many time do a buddist pray ?	Non-paraphrase
how far be jacksonville florida to ft myer in mile ?	how many drive hr be jacksonville to ft myer florida ?	Syntax/discourse structure changes
what be janet jackson real telephone nuber ?	what be janet jacson number ?	Ellipsis
train you must have to be a bounty hunter ?	you want to know much about bolton ?	Non-paraphrase
what be a border patrol ?	how much money doe a border patrol agent do ?	Non-paraphrase
how do you repair chip granite countertop ?	how do you repair chip granite ?	Identity
what be the oppisite of a mammel ?	which mammel be cover with skubbe ?	Non-paraphrase
what be the structure and location of the bile duct ?	what be the bile duct use for ?	Identity
part of a small intestine be ?	what be the two part of the small intestine ?	Semantic based
number of book anne sexton publish ?	where do andy brigg live ?	Non-paraphrase
what do the ventricle of the heart transport ?	what be the left ventricle of the heart ?	Non-paraphrase
population of hindu in nepal ?	how many people in nepal be hindus ?	Syntax/discourse structure changes
how do you backup it infrastructure ?	what complicate a backup ?	Non-paraphrase
manganese ii bromide ?	how many electron do bromide ?	Non-paraphrase
how much do a cake baker make a hour ?	how much do a baker get pay a hour ?	Sentence modality changes
how many movie of jason voorhees be there and what year ?	what movie be jason voorhee from ?	Non-paraphrase
the invento of the bifocal ?	what r bifocal glass ?	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
trace genalogy of jose rizal ?	meaning of rizal name ?	Non-paraphrase
how do the goegraphy of greece discourage greek unity ?	how do geography in fluence the the greek positively ?	Non-paraphrase
how much do amarican cocker spaneil weigh ?	how much will a cocker spaniel miniature poodle mix way full grow ?	Non-paraphrase
what be the 2000 gold dollar worth ?	2000 sacagewea gold dollar ?	Non-paraphrase
how many platypus be still live ?	how many platypus be there in the world ?	Semantic based
what be the task of promodizer in appliance ?	what promodizer do ?	Semantic based
what be the nhl league minimum salary ?	what nhl rookie minimum salary ?	Ellipsis
be border collie big ?	how big be a border collie ?	Syntax/discourse structure changes
where be the cam sensor in a 96 buick riviera ?	where be cam sensor on buick riviera 98 ?	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
average dental cost for 3 filling and 1 crown ?	how much be a dental crown in us ?	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
how do laura ingalls wilder 's sister die ?	when do laura ingall wilder ma die ?	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
how many tv channel can a television have ?	how many television channel be there in the 1920s ?	Addition/Deletion
how much can a female lion weigh ?	how much do female loin weigh ?	Semantic based
how many people live on brisbane ?	how many people in brisbane ?	Semantic based
what do sacajawea do to be in history ?	what do sacajawea do for the people ?	Semantic based
sodium chloride and water be solvent ?	sodium chloride mix in water soluble ?	Derivational Changes
what insect or animal live in the pond community ?	what kind of insect live in a pond and beside the pond ?	Semantic based
where be nuclear waste disspose ?	how be nuclear waste dispose ?	Non-paraphrase
what color be banana seed ?	how many seed do orange have ?	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
how many bone be there in the humaan body ?	how many bone ina child body ?	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
what type of macromolecule be example of cellulose ?	what be the macromolecule for polysaccharide ?	Non-paraphrase
how be the poinsettia cross-pollinate ?	how do you cross pollinate poinsettia ?	Non-paraphrase
how many people like rhianna in the world ?	how many people ar efan of rihanna ?	Semantic based
how many career goal have ronaldinho score ?	how many goal have ronaldinho in he career ?	Diathesis alternation
what be the value for a gilbert arena card ?	gilbert arenass phone number ?	Ellipsis
what be the difference in green and yellow xanex bar ?	what be the difference between yellow and green xanex bar ?	Modal Verb Changes
be there different species of you insect butterfly ?	how many different species kkind of insect ae there ?	Non-paraphrase
a bird which statar with letter q ?	a bird that begin with you ?	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
how do hydra reproduce sexually ?	most plant reproduce sexually produce new plant from ?	Non-paraphrase
how do you replace a heater core and a 95 cadillac deville ?	how do you replace heater core on cadillac 1997 ?	Identity
where can you catch a chimpchar ?	where do you find chimpchar ?	Modal Verb Changes
be ufo be true ?	be ufo true or fiction ?	Ellipsis
where be the lowest point in the westrn hemisphere ?	what be the lowest trench in the western hemisphere ?	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
how do you care for a lupin plant ?	where do a bromelaid live ?	Non-paraphrase
who be ned kelly gang ?	ned kelly head cut off ?	Non-paraphrase
how much be a dale earnhart baseball worth ?	how much be a dale earnhardt sr baseball worth ?	Ellipsis
what be kebab meat ?	what be kebab in france ?	Non-paraphrase
what do freemason 's do ?	what do freemason do ?	Ellipsis
what be plural for matress ?	what be the plural form of the word mattress ?	Ellipsis
precaution against drought ?	what cause the drought to happen in niger ?	Non-paraphrase
what be recommendation in report write ?	what information do someone need to write a letter of recommendation ?	Ellipsis
what be the nationonal anthem of australium call ?	what be the australia national anthem ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
where be the oil plug on a 2004 ford focus ?	where be picture of oil drain plug ford focus 2007 ?	Addition/Deletion
oil for 1998 old bravada ac compressor ?	how do you add oil to a nissan ac compressor ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
how many fluid ounce be there in 2 gal ?	how many fluid ounce in 2 gallon ?	Ellipsis
how many month pregnant if 32 week ?	how many month be 32weeks ?	Addition/Deletion
how do you break you arm easily but not painful ?	how do you make you arm break easily ?	Addition/Deletion
how can apologize for complait ?	how do you apologize to a freind ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
how do you deal with a boss that scream at you ?	how do you deal with bad boss ?	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
how do you download texture in photoshop ?	how do you download brush on photoshop cs2 ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
info on emma twigg ?	where dose emma twigg do trainn ?	Identity
what country do lipton get thier tea from ?	what equipment do you need to make lipton ice tea ?	Non-paraphrase
predator to mustang horse ?	which animal be a horse predator ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
how many milligram be equal to one milliliter ?	how many milligram in one milliliter ?	Sentence modality changes
what be some career deal with baby ?	what be career that deal with baby ?	Ellipsis
how much be one third cup ?	how much be a third in a measure cup ?	Change of format
how can you find a public record of a arrest ?	you be adjudicationand you record seal do you have to say you be arrest ?	Identity
how big be earth comperd to the other ?	how big or small be the planet compare to one another ?	Ellipsis
why will nova peris-kneebone be remember when she die ?	science priciple behind the peri wheel ?	Non-paraphrase
how many people in alaska be employ by the oil and gas industry ?	how many people be emplye in the oil sand industry ?	Identity
where be sanfrancisco ?	what event occur in san francisco ?	Non-paraphrase
what be the scientific definition of a solid ?	the science definition of solid ?	Ellipsis
how many calorie in a sercing of pancake ?	how much calorie be in three pancake ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
where do the endos live ?	where do the endo 's live ?	Change of format
when and be passenger pigeon declare exstinck ?	how do you say steamed rice in chinese ?	Non-paraphrase
how many award do mark twain have ?	what werethe award win by mark twain ?	Sentence modality changes
what be moniques email adress ?	monique colman email ?	Ellipsis
how do annelid worm grow ?	how do worm grow and devolpe ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
what be key abiotic factor in marine ecosytem ?	abiotic mean the nonliving factor in a biome ?	Non-paraphrase
who be beethoven 's 2 other brother ?	what where beethoven 's brother name ?	Sentence modality changes
how big be it white house ?	how big be it the white house ?	Ellipsis
how many cup be a half pound of shredded cheese ?	how much brick cheese should you buy for one cup of shredded cheese ?	Sentence modality changes
non - conventional resource of energy ?	type of non conventional source of energy with definition ?	Ellipsis
what be the spider breathe ?	how do a spider breathe target equal blank ?	Identity
how many gallon 's of antifreeze go in a 2005 jeep liberty ?	how many gallon for a jeep ?	Ellipsis
how do dna get into cell ?	the packaging of dna in a cell involve what ?	Non-paraphrase
what be the guideline for emancipation in pennsylvanium ?	where can you find emancipation form ?	Non-paraphrase
why you be so weak in study so what you do ?	what be some great study tip ?	Non-paraphrase
what be the importance of the city jerusalem ?	why be jerusalem important to the group who fight ?	Non-paraphrase
how much be a morgan-silver-coin worth ?	how much be a morgan 1890 dollar coin worth ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
how do you disarm a 1998 vw new beetle alarm system ?	how do you disable the alarm system on a 1998 new beetle ?	Ellipsis
what color do they have on brace ?	what be brace color ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
how do you use a bench hook and safely ?	what do you call the bump on the lino painting bench hook ?	Non-paraphrase
remove tensioner ford 5.8 liter ?	how do you replace 91 suziki tensioner pully ?	Non-paraphrase
how do you help coral ?	how can you help the coral triangle ?	Ellipsis
what be the spar rule for karate ?	how do you improve you sparring in karate ?	Identity
what be the new jersey law with repo ?	what be the repossession law for new jersey ?	Spelling changes
the meaning of fundamental underlie assumption ?	fundamental assumption of the field of organizational behavior ?	Identity
how can sell ting from ebay ?	how do you sell theater ticket on ebay ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
how much money do a firefighter earn in the us ?	how much do a doctor earn in boston ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
what be the population of palm spring californium ?	what be the longitude for palm spring ?	Non-paraphrase
what be that temperture of a matamorphic rock when it form ?	when be brimham rocks formed ?	Non-paraphrase
about how big the eifle tower ?	how big you sthe eiffel tower ?	Sentence modality changes
what be the ignition timing for a 89 toyota 4 x4 with a 22 re ?	what be the ignition timing for 1988 toyota pickup ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
hear it from the grape vine ?	you each pich a of juicy grape from the vine ?	Non-paraphrase
base on you knowledge of greek root whoch of the follow word be most likely to mean the study of skin ?	of greek root which of the follow word most likely mean a outer layer of skin ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
do hamster see ?	how much can hamster see ?	Sentence modality changes
220 gram of carbondioxide contain mole of co2 ?	how many mole do 12.3 gram of co2 have ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
mississippi 's highest and loest point ?	what be the highest pointin mississippus ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
average weight of a 3 grader ?	what be the weight of the average 4 grader ?	Ellipsis
how many nanometer in a micromillimeter ?	how many nanometer be in the world ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
where do the miwok travel ?	traveller racism in ireland ?	Non-paraphrase
what be the r4 ds ?	where to get the r4 for the d ?	Non-paraphrase
how many inch be in a 5 mile ?	how many inch be in 7900 mile ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
what be the very best roller coaster in the world ?	information about roller coasters ?	Non-paraphrase
what be itchy head ?	how do you get rid of a itchy head ?	Non-paraphrase
how many mm in 6.5 cm ?	how many millmeter be there in 6.5 centimeter ?	Change of format
how do you change the thermostat on a 1992 corolla ?	where be the thermostat on a 1992 toyota corolla ?	Non-paraphrase
can you have a pet seal ?	where can you get a pet seal ?	Ellipsis
where be the energy store in a plant ?	how do plant store energy ?	Sentence modality changes
the top marjin of a unbound report be ?	what be unbound format ?	Non-paraphrase
what be guideline preperation food ?	what be some altertion you can make to food preperation ?	Non-paraphrase
where be jenolan caves located in ?	where be jenolan cave ?	Ellipsis
which player on a volleyball quart be the server ?	how many time can the server catch a poorly throw toss in volleyball ?	Non-paraphrase
how do you seperate oxygen from tha air ?	how do you separate oxygen from air by cool ?	Semantic based
what color be eries ?	the color of eris know as xena ?	Non-paraphrase
where do the water go after a tsunami ?	how far can a tsunamie go ?	Identity
who do the original scooby doo theme ?	what be the scooby doo theme song lyric ?	Non-paraphrase
what be the history of the trojan horse ?	how much mass do the sun make ?	Non-paraphrase
anna university tirunelvelus website detail ?	anna university tirunelvelus mtech 5 year intergrate ?	Non-paraphrase
why somalia no beace ?	what do they somalia do for money ?	Non-paraphrase
what be the teaching process ?	what be to be evaluate in teaching process ?	Ellipsis
do garden snail like fruit and veg ?	where do snail stay ?	Non-paraphrase
who be the impontant people in san diego de alacla mission ?	who be the honor of mission san diego ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
how do you charge a lithium digital camera battery without a charger ?	how do you charge a hp camera ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
what datedayyear be st patrick bear ?	when year and date be st patrick bear ?	Sentence modality changes
the meaning of structure of the book of proverb ?	what kind of meaning do proverb have ?	Identity
be the alien dangerous ?	be alien dangerous or nice ?	Ellipsis
what do suburb cause for american ?	what the cause of american revolution ?	Non-paraphrase
when do robert menzy leave prime minister ?	what date be robert menzy a prime minister ?	Non-paraphrase
what be snail eye like ?	what be snail fav work out ?	Identity
how much money do a administrative assistant earn in a hospital setting ?	how much do a administrative assistant earn in tampa florida ?	Ellipsis
what kind of book do c lewi like write the most ?	what book do c lewi rite ?	Ellipsis
where do th yack live ?	where do yack live ?	Ellipsis
what skeletal system do flatworm have ?	what type of skeletal system do flatworm have ?	Ellipsis
how much be a 5 dollar bill from 1928 worth ?	what be the value of a 1928 us five dollar bill ?	Sentence modality changes
how do you get rid of blackness around the vagina ?	how do you get rid of blackness between leg ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
how do neutral atom become a postively charge particle ?	how do a atom become a charged particle ?	Identity
how much do a t-rex eat a week ?	how much meat can a t - rex eat ?	Sentence modality changes
how do you improve education litracy rate ?	how do you improve literacy and education ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
what be the drive time from rome to florence italy ?	how many mile be it between florence and rome ?	Semantic based
how do sport affect the society today ?	how do sport from the 1880s affect you lifestyle today ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
be cornsnake venoume ?	what be fact about cornsnake ?	Ellipsis
what be the propertei of silt ?	what be silt and how it be cause ?	Non-paraphrase
how much do tattoo stretch ?	when you be pregnant do tattoo stretch ?	Identity
where be baba ?	what do the baba yaga eat ?	Non-paraphrase
what cause pressure from fluid ?	what cause pressur in fluid ?	Derivational Changes
how many gram in a cup of corn ?	how many cup of corn starch be there in 400 gram ?	Identity
approximetly how many sea turtle be leave ?	how many sea turtle or leave ?	Ellipsis
what be the different job you can do with a marine biology major ?	the benefit of biology ?	Non-paraphrase
firing order for 1976 ford 390 ?	firing order for ford 390 ?	Addition/Deletion
how do you get rid of yellowish tooth ?	how do you get rid of yellow tooth when you drink tea ?	Addition/Deletion
qwhat language do they speak in guina bissau ?	officail language of guinea-bissau ?	Semantic based
be jennifer love hewitt thirty one year old ?	how many man jennifer love hewitt love they ?	Non-paraphrase
how many nhl team in the we and canada ?	ow many nhl team be there ?	Semantic based
be miranda cosgrove foster ?	do miranda cosgrovew have foster parent ?	Identity
the creation of judaism ?	what be the summary of the judaism creation story ?	Non-paraphrase
what pipe in the organ in make from tin ?	what be the part of a pipe organ ?	Non-paraphrase
what be jacob hoggard favorite book ?	be jacob hoggard marry to tammy 2009 ?	Non-paraphrase
who have a crush on blaze the cat ?	which episode be blaze the cat in ?	Identity
when do abrahm lincon die ?	what do abor ham lincon do to help the country ?	Non-paraphrase
how much caffiene be in hot chocolate ?	how much caffiene do hot chocolate have ?	Syntax/discourse structure changes
who be famous people who live in vermont ?	who be all the famous vermonter ?	Identity
where be arcue in daimond ?	how do catch arcue ?	Semantic based
real name for buddha ?	what be the buddha wife name ?	Identity
how do you catch enteus in pokemond daimond ?	where can you catch pichu in daimond ?	Sentence modality changes
what be physical flow in marketing channel ?	what be hybrid channel ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
starter location on 1992 plymouth laser ?	how do you change on 1990 plymouth laser ?	Non-paraphrase
what chemical property of nitrogen make it suitable for produce chemical safety and for food packaging ?	what be some chemical characteristic of nitrogen ?	Identity
be costco open easter sunday ?	be costco store open on easter ?	Sentence modality changes
can you freeze potato after peel ?	can you freeze un cook potato ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
what be the most important event in discovery of space ?	what new discovery they find on space ?	Non-paraphrase
life span for a 59 year old white male in us ?	average life span for american male ?	Semantic based
what do ameba 's eat ?	what color be ameba ?	Non-paraphrase
have miley cyrus get contact lens ?	can you have miley cyrus number to contact she ?	Identity
burner tubing in the bunsen burner ?	what be the type of a bunsen burner ?	Identity
how long do it take to cook a pizza on gas mark 6 ?	how long do it take to cook a pizza ?	Identity
what landform be in the antarctica ?	what kindsof landform be there in antarctica ?	Ellipsis
who be know as the special interest group ?	what be the role of special interest group ?	Sentence modality changes
how many gram of protein be in 3 ounce of meat ?	how many ounce of meat will give 6 gram of protein ?	Identity
how do you do puzzle 141 in professer layton and pandora 's box ?	puzzle number 141 proffessor laton and pandora box ?	Identity
what be the purpose of a charity organization ?	what be the purpose of labor organization ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
what be some cheerleading statistics ?	what be the real fact of the history of cheerleading ?	Non-paraphrase
what kind of scholarship do you get for be a cartoon artist ?	what kind of degee do you need to become a cartoon artist ?	Identity
the smallest pokemon in the world ?	smallest horse in america ?	Non-paraphrase
how be a city charter ?	must a city have a state charter of incorportion ?	Non-paraphrase
hwat be lincoln view of slavery in the south ?	what do abraham lincoln position on slavery ?	Sentence modality changes
how do jame 1st become king after elizabeth ?	how do king jame become king ?	Semantic based
how many people die from diease each year ?	what happen when osteoporosis go throw people and people get disease ?	Non-paraphrase
how do you use mario paint ?	how do you add quaver to mario composer ?	Identity
how be the cyclops a allegory ?	what be allegory and be characteristic ?	Non-paraphrase
what brand of motorcycle do evel knievel use ?	what motorcycle do evel knievel use to jump ?	Identity
99 ford escort ball joint replacement ?	how do you change the ball joint on a 1998 ford escort ?	Sentence modality changes
what be stratify smaple ?	why use stratified random sampling ?	Non-paraphrase
how much do a 73 mustang weigh ?	how much do a 1987 mustang weigh ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
how many dweeb be in a doofus ?	be you a doofus ?	Non-paraphrase
how can mutation affect a protein ?	do missense mutation affect the protein production ?	Semantic based
be toad and frog both cold blood ?	whyare frog cold boold ?	Non-paraphrase
how many in a sulfide ion ?	how many proton neutron and electron do a sulfide ion have ?	Identity
what capital be tl ?	what currency be 32000 tl ?	Identity
be small fish and crustacean secondary or primary consumer ?	be fish secondary consumer ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
what fad be there in the 1940s ?	popular teenage book in the 1940s ?	Non-paraphrase
be enzyme make up of protien ?	be enzyme make up of sugar ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
what be th atomic number of antimony ?	number of proton in antimony ?	Identity
how many kl equal 8000 l ?	1200 l equal how many kl ?	Sentence modality changes
how much can you get for a richard petty trading card ?	how much be richard petty worth ?	Non-paraphrase
how many sister do demus lavato have and what be they namesdemi lovato ?	how many pierced ear do demi lovato have ?	Non-paraphrase
why do michael jackson wear a band around he right arm ?	why do michael jackson wear armed band ?	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
how do you say ok in swhilus ?	how do you say ok in jamaican ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
be there a website where you can download a song for free ?	which website allow free download of english song ?	Semantic based
in moss be the gametophyte haploid or diploid ?	gametophyte cell haploid or monoploid ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
how do you replace headlight 1998 vw beetle ?	how do you replace a vw headlight bulb for a 2000 beetle ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
how can you download dragonfable game ?	how do you download crash overide in dragonfable ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
how many tooth do a shark have in its whole life ?	how many tooth be in the shark ?	Identity
how many caloriesare there in 1 tb of butter ?	how many calorie in a tb of butter ?	Change of format
what be the structure of he nucleolus ?	similar structure on nucleuse and nucleolus ?	Identity
what be a name of a famous astriod ?	what be a nother name for a astriod ?	Identity
reduce fat from face ?	spot burn of fat on you face ?	Identity
be katty perry marry ?	be katy marry ?	Ellipsis
syllabus for it 2-1 ?	what be the syllabus for class-7 in bhaskar genius ?	Identity
what be the swift code for what be the swift code for unicredit banca ?	what be the swift code for unicredit banca di roma in lucca ?	Ellipsis
where be a pediatrician most work do ?	where do pediatrcian work ?	Sentence modality changes
be lesbian hot and sexy ?	be it sexy to watch lesbian have sex ?	Identity
use of wood fuel ?	wood or charcoal which be better fuel ?	Non-paraphrase
you find out kristen stewart be a vegetarian you sister you guesss dosent believe you so here the question from you sister be she really a vegeterian ?	be kristen stewart really a vegetarian ?	Semantic based
how many yard be 550cm ?	how do you find out yard into square yard ?	Identity
how be mathematics involve in architecture ?	be mathematics use in architecture ?	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
be there bakugan toy in china ?	which store have bakugan ?	Identity
name of college or technical school that offer education to become a criminal lawyer ?	train to become a criminal lawyer ?	Non-paraphrase
what be the purpose of sugar in bake goods ?	what sugar do for baked goods ?	Sentence modality changes
how do you check distributor on ka laser ?	what be the sign of a bad distributor ?	Identity
how do you remove the interior door panel on 2000 pontiac grand ame ?	how do you remove door panel from 2000 pontiac grand be ?	Ellipsis
name a amphibian with scale ?	be amphibian cover with scale ?	Identity
how many mandir be there ?	how many mandir be they in the uk ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
how do people defeat the roman in battle ?	why be they able to defeat the roman empire ?	Identity
be there any musium name after thoma edison ?	be there any museum or place name after edison ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
crews worked to install a new culvert and prepare the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel as storm clouds threatened to dump more rain.	crews worked to install a new culvert and repave the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel.	Ellipsis
how many movie do tim burton make ?	what be two film that tim burton write ?	Identity
you dont know if you house be haunt ?	where be gengar in the haunt house ?	Non-paraphrase
the highest number of point for lebron jame ?	how many point have lebron jame ever ?	Identity
where be fuel filter 1990 camry ?	how do you replace fuel filter on toyota camry 4cylinder 1989 ?	Non-paraphrase
what degree of loft be a taylormade sand wedge ?	what degree taylormade r7 draw sand wedge ?	Sentence modality changes
how many carb in 1 cup of watermelon ?	how many carb in two cup of watermelon ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
who invent the gas lawn motor ?	when the first gas engine be invent ?	Identity
australians also celebrate thanksgive day ?	how do they celebrate christmas in austrailum ?	Identity
when be launch object ever move ?	what largest object the sacre-coeur house ?	Non-paraphrase
how many people do charle manson kill ?	how many people kill charle manson ?	Sentence modality changes
what be some importent fact about camera ?	what be some important fact about camera ?	Addition/Deletion
how much unemployment can you collect in va ?	how much unemployment do va pay ?	Sentence modality changes
what be floraand fauna ?	what be fauna and flarara ?	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
can you get zbuck for you zcard ?	how can you get zcard ?	Non-paraphrase
how many gram equal 1oz ?	30 gram be the same as 1oz ?	Identity
how many beach be they in andman ?	how many volcno be in californium ?	Identity
how many tooth dose crocodile ?	how many tooth and bone do crocodile have ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
how do you repair a tub-shower diverter ?	how do you change diverter in temtrol ?	Identity
how do you get the hayabusa armor on halo 3 ?	what be the two way to get hayabusa armor on halo 3 ?	Sentence modality changes
what be extremist catholic ?	the culture of islamic extremist ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
what be the six main crustal plate ?	what be the three main kind of earths plate ?	Identity
how many seat do the emirite have hold ?	how many seat do wembaly hold ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
what be the step to make vacuum flask ?	what be the good insulator on a vacuum flask ?	Non-paraphrase
when be apache first release ?	how effective be a apache ?	Non-paraphrase
how be granite rofm ?	how could you tell that granite be form by look at a lump of it ?	Non-paraphrase
what be the vision of asda ?	how will the eu effect asda ?	Non-paraphrase
how big be the germ of tuberculosis ?	how big be a germ in zeptometer ?	Identity
ray ray can get a girl online ?	would ray ray in mindless group go wth girl that be 10 ?	Non-paraphrase
angel of death islam ?	german doctor angel of death ?	Identity
what be the longest river in africa ?	what be the seven longest river in africa ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
what be the main drink in brazil ?	what be the traditional drink in brazil ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
be whale shark a whale or a shark ?	what can you do to save the whale shark ?	Non-paraphrase
what be the 4 main plate boundary ?	tectonic plate boundary be classify as what ?	Identity
how much do a oxygen cilindor cost ?	how much do oxygen cost per cubic meter ?	Ellipsis
the starit on witch istanbul be locate ?	what be the name of the strait that istanbul be locate on ?	Non-paraphrase
how many gram be in 15 fluid oz ?	how many fluid ounce be there in 18 gram ?	Identity
thing that characterize a biome of ecosystem ?	these biome be characterize by how much rainfall occur ?	Non-paraphrase
how many eye do a dumbo octopus have ?	how many eye do the octopus have ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
how many calorie in a medium size lsice of cheese whole wheat pizza ?	how many calorie in a slice of whole wheat pizza ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
what be some good kid website about solar power ?	what be some good kid website for age 9-12 ?	Identity
how do different color effect heat absorption ?	what be the factor affect absorption ?	Identity
what be the function of a meter in poetry ?	what be the importance and function of poetry ?	Identity
name the four seat available in the student council body ?	who invent a student council ?	Non-paraphrase
how much do a diagnostician earn in a year ?	how long do it take to become a medical diagnostician ?	Non-paraphrase
how much do it cost to build a small university ?	how much would it cost to go to university ?	Identity
how much would a pilot earn in australium over a year ?	how much do you get pay yearly from commercial pilot ?	Identity
2 liter be how many gram ?	how many gram do two liter of water have ?	Sentence modality changes
which planetha the greatest visual magnitude ?	what planet hasthe greatest visual magnitude ?	Sentence modality changes
how do henrus matisse become famous ?	how do henri matisse become famous ?	Same polarity substitution (habitual)
subtractive color theory ?	what be the difference between subtractive and additive color ?	Identity
what be the population of moscow and bogota ?	what be the population of moscow in figure ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
what happend to angela carter ?	why be concrete angel write ?	Non-paraphrase
how many leg do a jellyfish have ?	how many leg can jellyfish have ?	Sentence modality changes
how many win do bobby allison have ?	how many race do bobby allison start ?	Identity
the gange riverhow long be ?	hwo long be the ganges river ?	Sentence modality changes
how many time have jennifer aniston actually be marry ?	how many time have jennifer aniston be marry ?	Ellipsis
how come aaron burr be kick out of office ?	who be aaron burr 's kid ?	Non-paraphrase
what be the damages cause by pollution ?	how can pollution cause disesess ?	Identity
what define a star ?	how do scientist define star ?	Semantic based
what be the sugar contact in scotch ?	how many gram of sugar be in a pint of scotch ?	Semantic based
how do martin luther the reformer die ?	how do martin luther 1500 's die ?	Semantic based
how do you do tangle hair where do you start ?	what do do if hair get tangle ?	Identity
what be the number of atom in a methane molecule ?	number of atom in a molecule of methane ?	Ellipsis
what be some fun fact about prairie dog ?	amazing intrest fact about dog ?	Identity
how do you buy cow ?	you want to buy a whole cow ?	Non-paraphrase
what be edgar allan poe 's general style of poetry ?	what kind of poetry do edgar allan poe write ?	Sentence modality changes
what be tourism product ?	what be tourism product of indium ?	Identity
what be the time difference between san diego can and boston ma ?	how many mile be it from boston to san diego california ?	Sentence modality changes
how be social phobia start ?	social phobia be usually cause by fear of ?	Sentence modality changes
which restaurant be darden restaurant ?	what restaurant do darden own ?	Identity
where christianity pray ?	where the follower of christianity pray ?	Ellipsis
be teens in china good to thire paerent ?	where can you get a teen magazine ?	Non-paraphrase
how do you change a waterpump on a 1998 chevy cavalier ?	where be the waterpumpon a 1998 chevy cavalier ?	Identity
how do you remove the radio in a 96 isuzu rodeo ?	radio removal isuzu rodeo 1995 ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
what do ussr stand for in the 1970 ?	in recent historythe ussr be the we s enemy do you know what ussr stand for ?	Semantic based
how many mile from washington and washington dc ?	how msny mile be washington ?	Identity
do fox eat baby deer ?	can a deer be friend with a fox ?	Non-paraphrase
what limit be place on the prime minister in russium ?	what be russium 's current prime minister and president ?	Non-paraphrase
how do you wash you flat brim hat ?	how do you wash a color baseball cap with the hat fitter ?	Identity
how many round in boxing ?	how many round be there in boxing match ?	Ellipsis
what do english citizen do about the black plague ?	when and where do the plague end ?	Non-paraphrase
usage of of fund flow statement ?	how be a fund flow statement prepare ?	Identity
how many metric gram be 12 oz ?	how many gram be in 12 oz ?	Ellipsis
how much be 34 cup powder sugar in gram ?	how much do 1 cup of powder sugar weigh ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
how much be a sidney crosby upper deck card worth ?	how much be a rookie crosby card worth ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
what be work of spectrophotometer ?	how do you use spectophotometer ?	Sentence modality changes
what can nicotine do you you body ?	self-esteem - be it acquire ?	Non-paraphrase
2 important fact about colombia ?	what be some good fact about colombium ?	Semantic based
can a magic broom really fly ?	how can you get a broom stick to fly ?	Identity
calorie in one cup of mixed fruit ?	how many calorie be in 1 cup of fruit ?	Sentence modality changes
how meny tooth do child have ?	how many milk tooth be there for a baby ?	Identity
what be cleavage in cell ?	be cleavage mitosis ?	Sentence modality changes
how many joule be in 1 mj ?	what be joules time joule ?	Non-paraphrase
what kind of education do jackie receive ?	wher do jackie robinson get he education ?	Non-paraphrase
be convection part of the heating system ?	with convection heat be the basement warmer ?	Non-paraphrase
how many valence electron be in a rubidium atom ?	how many valence electron rubidium have ?	Sentence modality changes
when be tactical assassin 3 come out ?	when be tactical assian3 come ?	Change of format
what be the requirement to be a bartender ?	how much do you tip a bartender ?	Non-paraphrase
how many elertocal vote dose michigan have ?	how many electoiral vote do michigan have ?	Syntax/discourse structure changes
how long do it take for benadryl high to kick in ?	how long do it take for benadryl to work ?	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
when do charle dickens leave he wife ?	when do dicken 's wife leave he ?	Identity
why should genetic screening be confidential ?	pro and con on genetic testing ?	Non-paraphrase
how much do a dentist earn for they job ?	how much do orthopedic dentist earn ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
what be fact about christmas in canada ?	what be cool thing about canada ?	Identity
what be a example of a woody stem ?	what be some good zinger ?	Non-paraphrase
how do you get sonic san andrea ?	how do you get sonic in sanandrea ?	Ellipsis
how be father michael ?	be michael phelps father alive ?	Non-paraphrase
how do you enter code in radio for renault ?	what be the radio code for a renault clio ?	Non-paraphrase
be grape poisonous to hamster ?	do hamster eat grape or banana ?	Non-paraphrase
how do you win mulch in binweevil ?	how do you cheat it binweevil ?	Identity
how many people do the giants stadium seat ?	how many seat in the new giant stadium ?	Sentence modality changes
how many calorie brown sugar ?	how much calorie be 34 of brown sugar ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
how many hour be there in 24 day ?	how many hour in 24 day ?	Ellipsis
what be the ticker symbol for chevron corporation ?	nyse ticker symbol for texaco corp ?	Identity
do talc scratch glass ?	what can scratch a stell file and glass ?	Semantic based
manta ray and a mobulum ?	how do they ray behave ?	Identity
what substance can be use to make atp ?	how many protein be in atp ?	Non-paraphrase
what do quater weigh ?	how much do 4000.00 in quarter weigh ?	Identity
most stressful job in the world ?	how do you face through exam ?	Non-paraphrase
how many calorie be in donut hole ?	how many calorie in 12 donut hole ?	Change of format
how do you decrease bruise ?	what be the spotty thing on you bruise ?	Non-paraphrase
what be nigerias crime rate ?	what be crime in nigeria ?	Sentence modality changes
obama be a bad person ?	be obama a like or dislike person ?	Identity
what be citadel man ?	when be a citadel use for meeting ?	Non-paraphrase
what region of the ocean do stingray live in ?	what light zone do stingray live in ?	Identity
how much be earth 's diameter ?	mention the diameter of earth ?	Sentence modality changes
5 acre equal how many square foot ?	how many square foot in ten square acre ?	Sentence modality changes
what be suger content in vodka ?	have vodka get any sugar in it ?	Sentence modality changes
how do swan protect themselfve ?	how do black swan protect itself ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
what prefix and what suffix be use on the name of all binary acid ?	what be difference between binary and ternary ?	Non-paraphrase
how many square foot when a house measure 15x30 ?	how many square foot be 220 acre ?	Semantic based
can you die from fear ?	can a human die of fear ?	Sentence modality changes
how many square yard in 108 square foot ?	how many square yard be in 108 square foot ?	Ellipsis
how do p wave differ from s wave ?	how do the p wave and s wave differ ?	Sentence modality changes
where be muscovite schist find ?	where do you find a muscovite mineral ?	Sentence modality changes
how many people live in belize country ?	how many people do argentina have ?	Identity
how many teaspoon be in 34th cup ?	teaspoon per three fourth cup ?	Sentence modality changes
how do you beat level 11 on coolmath constrution fall ?	how do you beat llevel 11 on construction fall ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
how do you get the inside door panel off a mazda protege ?	how do you remove the door panel on 1999 mazda protege ?	Sentence modality changes
how human adapt and evolve ?	how do human evolve from caveman ?	Semantic based
what be the various classification of computer ?	classification of mixture ?	Non-paraphrase
what breed of pony be there ?	what breed of well know pony be there ?	Synthetic/analytic substitution
what be the use of lemon grass ?	what be the significance of lemon grass ?	Sentence modality changes
how do fashion change between 1960-2010 ?	how be fashion industry change ?	Identity
how many mile be it from alanta georgia to brewton alabama ?	how many mile from atlanta to alabama ?	Identity
do fern grow in meadow ?	where do the braken fern grow ?	Identity
how many ton do a computer weigh ?	how many kilogram do the first computer weigh ?	Identity
how many page be in the biggest dictionary ?	how many page do you get in a dictionary ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
suicune in pokemn leafgreen ?	who evolve into glalie ?	Identity
where can you get rare sword that be cheap ?	in torn city where can you buy kodachus sword ?	Identity
what be the ingredient in hand sanitizer ?	what be hand sanitizer make of ?	Sentence modality changes
do sperm contain blood ?	sperm be a blood ?	Identity
who invent bluetooth in pc ?	who invent bluetooth and how ?	Identity
ow long do it take to become a lawyer ?	how long do it take to be a divorce lawyer ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
how much be baby cerealsoild food ?	how much do infant cereal cost for a three month old baby ?	Identity
what be some award for marie curie ?	what be the first award for marie curie ?	Identity
i can not get i-doser to work ?	where can you find free you doser dose ?	Identity
can you give a dog feldene ?	can you give a dog pseudoephedrine sulfate ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
how may puppy would you get in a litter ?	how many puppy can any dog have ?	Identity
ronnie turner tina turner ' son ?	where be tina turner son today ?	Sentence modality changes
can you give you one example of condensation ?	what be condensation give a example ?	Sentence modality changes
how many mile do you have to drive from philly to west virginium ?	how many hour do it take to drive from philadelphium to west virginium ?	Sentence modality changes
where do you get the bone hunter trap module blueprint on mln ?	on mln how do you get the giant hat blueprint ?	Non-paraphrase
where can a fourteen year old get a job in columbus georgia ?	where can a 13 go on 14 get a job in columbus ga ?	Change of format
what be some biotic factor in the savannah biome ?	biotic factor in the savannah ?	Syntax/discourse structure changes
how do you assemble a silver brown shotgun ?	browning a-5 shotgun manual ?	Non-paraphrase
where be japan from england ?	how far away from england be japan in mile ?	Syntax/discourse structure changes
what be two source of nutrient ?	what be the different nutrient and source ?	Non-paraphrase
what be the theme of ecclesiastes ?	what important idea be there in the book of ecclesiastes ?	Semantic based
pound great than a kilogram ?	how many pound be there in a kilogram ?	Semantic based
aboriginals name for kookaburra ?	be there a town call kookaburra ?	Non-paraphrase
be jame roday go to marry she ?	when do jame roday and maggie lawson break-up ?	Non-paraphrase
rabindranath tagore win the nobel prize for write ?	comment on the home by rabindranath tagore ?	Non-paraphrase
be there a online game where you live life ?	do second life cost ?	Non-paraphrase
how much money do heavy weight boxer earn ?	how much do heavy weight boxer get pay per fight ?	Semantic based
how do you beat the big rabbit on fancy pants adventure 2 ?	on fancy pants 2 how do you beat the angry rabbit ?	Semantic based
how many penguin be around the world ?	how many penguin ar erleft in the world ?	Sentence modality changes
how many ml in 250g of oil ?	how many ml be in a cup of corn oil ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
what be innate immune defens ?	what be the primary function of immoral immunity ?	Non-paraphrase
how much do west highland white terrier 's cost ?	how much do a white highland terrier cost ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
how do you compare weight and volume ?	what be the meaning of volume and weight ?	Semantic based
what do rainbow lurekeet eat ?	what do rainbow bird eat ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
how do sea sponge survive in its enviornment ?	what be physical feature that help sea sponge survive ?	Semantic based
how do the dinosaur extinct ?	what happen to dinosaur when they be extinct ?	Non-paraphrase
how many minute be there in 400 seconds ?	how many seconds in 6 minute and 40 seconds ?	Identity
can ghost shrimp live in bowl ?	do shrimp live in group ?	Non-paraphrase
what be mean by legal issue in the it industry ?	legal issue of adida in history ?	Non-paraphrase
what infect a bacteriophage ?	what kind of cell be host to a bacteriophage ?	Non-paraphrase
what be the main component of mercury astosphere ?	what be mercury compon of ?	Non-paraphrase
be chimpanzee a mammal or oviparous ?	be chimpanzee a mammal ?	Ellipsis
in what movie have charlton heston appear ?	how many movie do charlton heston ?	Semantic based
what kind of habitat be be destroy ?	how many habbita have be destroy ?	Semantic based
be johnny nitro a highflyer ?	be johnny nitro still wrestle ?	Non-paraphrase
do katherine dunham have kid ?	what be katherine dunham 's kid 's name ?	Non-paraphrase
what percentage of canadians be muslim ?	which percentage of people practice muslim in fiji ?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
wher do martin frobisher travel ?	why be martin forbisher famous ?	Non-paraphrase
how do you heal a cut in a week or less ?	how do you heal a deep cut on a finger ?	Identity
what be init process in linux operating system ?	what be init process ?	Ellipsis
why do heliume effect you voice ?	what can helium do to you voice ?	Sentence modality changes
replace cv joint on 98 blazer ?	how do you check cv axle in 1997 chevy blazer ?	Non-paraphrase
when you cook meat do a chemical chage happen ?	be cooking spaghetti a chemical change ?	Semantic based
what be the life cycle of a rotifera ?	what kingdom be a rotifera ?	Non-paraphrase
application form for mat ?	where you get mat form ?	Non-paraphrase
pokemon pearl be there a ar code for shaymin sky form ?	be there a ar code on change shaymin into its sky form on diamond ?	Sentence modality changes
how many millimeter be equivalent to 80 centimeter ?	how many millimeter be in 80 centimeter ?	Sentence modality changes
what be frankie jona ' name ?	who be frankie j ?	Ellipsis
what be the use of the grasshopper 's mouth part ?	what be the part of a grasshopper mouth ?	Sentence modality changes
a woman wearing a black, red, white and pink dress	woman wearing green dress	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
a football player in a white jersey has his hand on a football player in a green jersey who is in the air.	football players practicing some plays.	Semantic based
two children ride their tricycles on a sidewalk in front of a brightly painted wall.	the children have blue tricycles	Entailment
the boy with the red soccer suit is falling down while the boy in the white shirt has his eyes on the ball.	boys are playing a soccer game and one tries to make a goal.	Non-paraphrase
a woman and a gentleman riding mass transit.	a woman and a gentleman are in a their own car.	Non-paraphrase
two men in hard hats inside a structure look at a yellow tractor.	men are looking at a yellow tractor.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
two guys installing tile in which is maybe a bathroom	the men are at work.	Non-paraphrase
two young girls, in a kitchen, wearing aprons over their pajamas are saluting a man in an olive green shirt.	the girls are saluting the soldier.	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
a boy wearing a blue t-shirt is jumping up in the air on a city street.	a boy jumps into the air on a very busy street.	Semantic based
two kids play in the grass near a red car.	the kids are playing in the ground	Synthetic/analytic substitution
three people are standing at a fence looking at a skyscraper filled city while one looks through a binocular scope.	the three people are under a bridge.	Non-paraphrase
a child in a red shirt pushes a boy in a wagon.	two children are playing	Non-paraphrase
two men wearing black	the men are naked.	Non-paraphrase
police on horseback at an outside protest.	police are making an arrest.	Non-paraphrase
a man in dark colored clothing skies over ledge, hanging in midair.	there is a large audience watching him.	Non-paraphrase
three guys outside one is jumping in the air, while the other is kicking a soccer ball, outside having a good time.	three guys are outside playing soccer.	Semantic based
a race car coming around a curve on a gravel course creating lots of dust	the car is moving fast.	Entailment
motocross riders racing to the finish line.	marathon runners race to the finish.	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
two men using gardening tools on the ground.	two men are gardeners	Non-paraphrase
a photographer is kneeling in the shadow of a blue and red inflatable fabric piece of art.	a photgrapher kneeling	Synthetic/analytic substitution
the girls, standing in a spotlight, are dressed in multicolored outfits.	the girls are at a recital.	Non-paraphrase
men cleaning the ceiling in a museum.	men mopping the floors at the museum.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
a brown dog runs for a white and black dog on the grass.	two dogs in the grass.	Semantic based
three boys look at a laptop computer while a four talks on the phone.	the laptop computers are made out of water.	Non-paraphrase
trash litters the ground.	discarded things lay on the ground.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
with a roll of toilet paper in reach a male is asleep at his desk.	the man is inside.	Non-paraphrase
someone is standing inside a concrete division and holding a tool.	a person stands in a concrete block and has a tool	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
a man is wearing a red shirt and vest.	a woman in a pink dress is running through the rain.	Non-paraphrase
a man wearing sunglasses, a cap, and a blue shirt with a superman logo on it is walking on the sidewalk holding a stereo.	the stereo that the man is holding is large.	Non-paraphrase
a woman with gray hair, a brown hat, sunglasses, and a yellow scarf is looking away from the camera.	the woman hates having her picture taken.	Entailment
a man driving a john deere tractor on a main road in the country.	a man drives a tractor towing a cart of hay.	Non-paraphrase
a young indian mother is with her child.	a woman fulfills watches her offspring.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
several women sitting at a table at a restaurant wearing islamic headdresses.	women are having lunch together.	Non-paraphrase
a boy and a man work on an upturned bicycle's front wheel.	two people are working on a car.	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
construction worker leaning against under a crosswalk light.	a construction worker is climbing a scaffold.	Non-paraphrase
lady getting up to leave church.	a lady is getting up from a pew in a church with stained glass windows.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a man in a blue shirt sitting.	the man is reading a book.	Non-paraphrase
three elderly women walking from behind.	three women are walking to church	Non-paraphrase
a man in a parade rides a brown horse and works a lariat rope.	a man in a parade rides a brown horse	Ellipsis
the young girl on the scooter is getting her picture taken by the photographer.	a young girl poses as her photographer mother takes her picture	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
a man in a yellow raincoat waves the chinese flag during a rainy event.	the rain coat is keeping him dry.	Non-paraphrase
four spectators watch three competition skiers pass by.	fans watch people ski in a competition.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a woman carried a girl on her back.	a toddler is laying in the grass.	Non-paraphrase
a man in a black shirt and jeans standing under a bridge in the city.	casual man standing downtown.	Non-paraphrase
an asian person wearing all black in the woods.	a person wearing all black in the woods.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a man wearing a harness walks towards his parachute, open on the ground.	a man is disconnected from his parachute.	Non-paraphrase
a white birds lands swiftly in the water.	a bird lands in water.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
the bears seem to have a friendly or familiar relationship.	the bears in the desert appear angry.	Non-paraphrase
a woman speaking in front of a chevy malibu.	a woman speaking in front of a old, blue chevy malibu.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a man squinting with two women behind him	two women are watching a man work.	Non-paraphrase
a young man wears a helmet and protective clothing as he races his dirt bike through a muddy track.	a dirt biker is competing in a race.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
two small babies are sitting in identical strollers.	the babies are riding in strollers.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
three road workers in orange jackets and pants clean up with a wheelbarrow.	three prisoners in orange jackets and pants clean up trash with a wheelbarrow.	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
a bald man in an orange shirt and jeans is vacuuming an office carpet with a carry-along canister vacuum.	a man is using a vacuum cleaner.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a boy with a blue plaid shirt and shorts looks into an orange construction cone.	a boy is amusing himself.	Non-paraphrase
a boy smiles underwater.	a swimmer smiles while beneath the water.	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
two brothers are cooking.	there are two brothers who ordered the food from mc donalds	Non-paraphrase
a group of young people sit at bar, socializing.	a group of friends are drinking at a bar	Semantic based
a girl with a hat is sitting outside on a table with a bike leaning against the table.	a girl wearing a hat is sitting outdoors.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
child sliding in the snow.	a child is playing in the snow.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
the view from a cracked train window of children walking to or from school along train tracks.	children can be seen walking by through the train window.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
two men working on their knees in front of a building.	there are people eating.	Non-paraphrase
two black and white dogs are looking at a gray and white kitty.	there are two canines and a feline.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a man in a suit gives a presentation to a crowd of people.	the man is well dressed.	Non-paraphrase
a man in a purple shirt plays a left handed gibson les paul on stage.	a man is playing a guitar on stage.	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
a bride in a wedding dress stands near a group of students in an outdoor setting.	the bride is wearing white.	Non-paraphrase
two workers in reflective vests are taking a break and sitting down.	the workers are working hard.	Non-paraphrase
a man and a woman playing a violin	a dog is playing in the mud with a pig.	Non-paraphrase
a group of people wearing purple who are dancing in a parade.	people are dancing	Synthetic/analytic substitution
two asian girls with long black hair are wearing orange signs and standing next to a guy wearing glasses.	two  girls and a guy are running side by side.	Non-paraphrase
a red-uniformed hockey player is attempting to control the puck while two white-suited hockey players try to disrupt him.	three people are playing hockey in uniforms.	Semantic based
several young people are standing around drinking beverages at some kind of outdoors gathering with food.	young people at a family reunion.	Non-paraphrase
a man in a dress shirt and tie is smiling and holding in his hands a pair of sunglasses and some sort of paper.	the couple stopped off for fast food on the way to parents home.	Non-paraphrase
boy riding a donkey talking to another boy standing by an adobe wall.	the boys are friends.	Entailment
a man is driving a tractor pulling a trailer full of people.	the trailer is empty.	Non-paraphrase
a person in pink pants playing a guitar	the person is a girl.	Non-paraphrase
a baby in a blue shirt and diaper is being held by a man.	a man and a baby are together	Semantic based
two construction workers tying something to a crane.	two workers operate a crane.	Semantic based
four men wearing helmets are working on a road.	new workers showed up today to fix a sinkhole in the road.	Non-paraphrase
a man wearing a shirt with an animal pattern on it and a purple tie is singing in a microphone.	the man is dressed very seriously.	Non-paraphrase
a person holding a wooden instrument with detailed carvings.	while holding a wooden instrument with carvings a man observes the details	Change of order
a black dog carries a toy on the grass.	dog playing with bone	Non-paraphrase
two men holding skateboards and one man skateboarding.	there are three skateboarders.	Semantic based
a man in a bright green shirt shows a woman in a bright pink shirt something on a clipboard.	the woman shows the man a clipboard.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a girl with bright red-hair and black clothes is posing on a tree trunk.	the girl is getting pictures done for modeling.	Non-paraphrase
a surfer flips his board so it is perpendicular to the ocean.	a surfer is in the ocean	Semantic based
a group of people walking through an abandoned lot to reach another destination.	the people are on the sofa watching tv	Non-paraphrase
two children play outside in a field.	kids are playing outdoors.	Derivational Changes
a bunch of dolls sitting on a table with a little girl in a blue sweater standing behind them smiling.	there is a bunch of dolls sitting on a table with a little girl in front of them.	Ellipsis
two ethnic men are talking outside under a tree.	nobody is talking.	Non-paraphrase
in this photo, a guy is dressed up talking.	in this photo, a man dressed in a tuxedo gives a talk.	Sentence modality changes
a conductor gives a kid a tour of the train.	a conductor gives a man a tour.	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
two women float in a busch gardens barrel through a winding water ride.	a barrel of monkeys is enjoying a busch gardens ride.	Non-paraphrase
a fat woman with a black shirt on, sitting across from a thinner woman wearing a green jack, while they're both on they're laptops.	2 women sit across from one another in a hospital waiting room	Non-paraphrase
its a beautiful day for an outdoor wedding.	it is springtime.	Non-paraphrase
a girls in a strange outfit rides her bike.	a boy throwing a baseball to his dad.	Non-paraphrase
an asian woman and two men (one asian and one white) are playing cards in the hallway of a train.	an asian woman is playing cards.	Ellipsis
a guy in protective gear is looking and smiling at someone.	a guy in protective gear is smiling at someone.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a person in a blue tracksuit carrying a package is standing on a snowy mountain	a person is standing on the beach.	Non-paraphrase
in a busy commercial district on a sunny day, a crowd wanders through a curved street faced with shops on both sides, with a sign saying "sultan palace" in the mid-ground.	on a quiet dirt path a group of people carry a sign depicting different animals.	Non-paraphrase
a woman sits at a desktop computer as a woman standing next to her points out something on the screen.	a woman sits in front of a computer while another woman points to the screen.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
intense basketball game while los angeles player dressed in red reaches for the hoop while the other team, wearing a white uniform, and fans look intently on.	a basketball game with spectators is underway.	Identity
there are lots of beautiful pink and white flowers and two asian girls playing in them.	two boys are tearing the flowers out of the ground.	Non-paraphrase
a boy crouching behind some small logs playing paintball.	a boy is playing laser tag.	Non-paraphrase
the dog is chasing the other dog carrying a stick in its mouth.	the two dogs are sitting down.	Non-paraphrase
two men giving a presentation or speech to a group of individuals sitting in red chairs.	the people are inside.	Non-paraphrase
a man walks by a mural of a ferret on a brick wall.	a person walks by a mural.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a woman sits near the water washing clothes in the river.	someone is doing laundry.	Semantic based
a man is waist deep in a river casting a net.	the man is standing in water.	Entailment
a man before a soccer match.	a man waiting to play basketball.	Non-paraphrase
basketball players try to block a ball from going into the goal.	basketball players play the game	Identity
a dog plays on the grass.	an animal is on the grass.	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
how many wives can save money on homemade equipment and on an amazing fur coat like yours?	how many women could save enough out of the housekeeping devices with your beautiful mink coat such as this?	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
a man wearing long, black shorts stands in front of a body of water.	a man swimming in the ocean.	Non-paraphrase
man in white cleans the floor.	a man is operating a floor buffer.	Non-paraphrase
a furry white dog playing in the sand.	a small dog is in some sand.	Semantic based
several young people riding on a big yellow fair ride	several young people are friends hanging out.	Semantic based
a woman inside a building is wearing a headscarf and looking out of a window through a mounted telescope.	the woman is using the telescope	Semantic based
two ladies walking together.	two women running in opposite directions	Non-paraphrase
two men are looking at some old photographs hanging on a wall.	seven men talking about new photographs in a book.	Identity
four people walking single file next to a large brick building.	four people are walking outside.	Non-paraphrase
a man wearing an orange jumpsuit and gray sweatshirt works on the side of a railroad track.	the man is doing community service.	Non-paraphrase
a woman is laying on a red blanket in a park.	a dog laying on a red blanket.	Identity
a man in a black shirt plays guitar.	a man is playin the guitar.	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
a man smiling, riding in a train.	a man is frowning in a car.	Non-paraphrase
man in shorts and t-shirt walking and holding a drink in front of an archway.	a man is holidng a drink	Addition/Deletion
a man at a park is taking pictures.	a man is taking pictures.	Ellipsis
the giraffe's brown spots are separated by white lines.	the giraffe's fur pattern has spots and lines.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
man in blue shirt and black pants is looking at his thumb on one hand while holding glasses in his other hand.	he is a woman.	Non-paraphrase
four children looking through rolled up booklets.	some bored people	Non-paraphrase
a group of people taking turns on a wooden, homemade ferris wheel.	the people are at the cabin sleeping	Non-paraphrase
young male and female adults converse over game they are playing.	the adults are playing a board game.	Identity
a surgeon performing surgery.	patient under surgery by doctor	Synthetic/analytic substitution
two men are standing outdoors on a sunny day holding pieces of a new item, possibly a small grill, while one of the men studies the assembly instructions.	a cookout event has just ended abruptly as the new grilling machine catches fire	Non-paraphrase
a man wearing a black short-sleeve shirt is waiting in line with his luggage.	there is a man in line.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a female volleyball team during a game or practice.	the volleyball players are all men	Non-paraphrase
toddler siting in a swing at the park with a yellow sippy cup.	a child slides down the sliding board at the park.	Identity
a woman with a pink bikini diving into a pool.	a woman diving into a pool.	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
man about to hit a tennis ball with 3 seconds left.	the last game of the wimbledon tournament of 2014.	Non-paraphrase
a man in a black pinstripe jacket is playing a metal instrument on a sidewalk.	a man is performing outside.	Non-paraphrase
a group of african americans sitting at the base of a large tree.	the african americans are studying together outside.	Identity
a man, woman, and two young boys are sitting on a bench with flowers in the background.	two men and two women are sitting on a bench in the nude, discussing terms.	Identity
people are sitting behind a chain link fence watching a youth baseball game.	people cheer on at the little league baseball game.	Non-paraphrase
a skinny woman, wrapped only in a towel, sitting in a sauna.	a woman is thin in stature.	Identity
a group of people in formal attire.	a group of people are wearing business attire	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a man sitting on the sidewalk photographed at an angle that makes him look headless.	a person sitting on the sidewalk photographed at an angle that makes him look headless.	Identity
one of the women is married with a ring on her ring finger.	there is a female wearing jewelry	Identity
a woman sitting on a stone bench next to many bikes.	the woman is outside a bikers club.	Non-paraphrase
two people sitting under a blossoming tree looking at a mountain near a shack.	two men climb a mountain.	Non-paraphrase
a white dog is running past a water hose and a stone bench in a yard.	a dog is playing chase in his garden.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a man is carving a handcrafted wooden key ring in a workshop.	a man welds metal together in a metalworking shop.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
dark-haired man wearing a ponytail, sunglasses purple, yellow and green tye-dyed tee and khaki shorts walking past a nail salon.	a man wearing purple sunglasses, tye-dyed shirt, khaki shorts, and with a ponytail, walks past a nail salon.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a man sitting on a ball hides his face from a small kid.	the man intentionally sat on the ball.	Identity
a man in a blue blazer stands still in the middle of an outdoor market.	a man is shopping.	Entailment
a woman is walking in a purple shirt and pink scarf.	a woman is sitting	Identity
a bald doctor is making a phone call.	a doctor is working	Identity
a yellow car driving through a lot of snow	a yellow car is driving in a blizzard.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
a person in ripped jeans and a black shirt lies on his back on a hardwood floor.	a person in ripped jeans and a black shirt rests on a hardwood floor.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
a man carrying a bundle of straw.	man carrying straw.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a left hitter swings a baseball bat at a pitched baseball.	a player rests in the dugout.	Non-paraphrase
a fat kid is floating on pool noodles.	the kid is wearing swim trunks	Non-paraphrase
two kids run down the aisle on the way back from a plane ride.	the kids are playing together.	Non-paraphrase
a family pets a brown and white pony	a dog jumps.	Non-paraphrase
a man in a red shirt sits on his dirt bike and points at the camera.	the man in a red polo waves at the cameraman.	Identity
a little girl wearing a yellow dress moves frantically in front of a crowded baseball stadium.	a little girl is wearing a clean yellow dress.	Identity
many people are resting on park benches situated under beautiful pink trees that are in full bloom.	people are running past the flowers.	Identity
a man on the beach is taking a picture of another man.	a person is taking a picture of another person.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a man in a red apron sells snacks and toys from a cart.	a man is wearing a red apron.	Identity
a young girl running down a street.	girl runs down street	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a tent rests on the shore and a man and canoe are in the background.	there is a tent, a man, and a canoe.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a man wearing a backwards baseball cap.	a man wears a cowboy hat.	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
multiple dancers performing on stage.	there are some dancers.	Entailment
a man in a long blue shirt and blue shorts leans against a green and white wall near a red car, with a larger blue vehicle sitting in the foreground.	the man is a mechanic	Non-paraphrase
people in matching shirts are rowing boats while others are on a path with trees.	people eating their dinner	Non-paraphrase
outside the window you can see an area of dirt that appears muddy from the rain.	the rain made a mud puddle.	Identity
there is a stadium full of people watching sporting event with male players.	the people are in church.	Non-paraphrase
man painting a house blue.	the man is painting a house green.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a closeup image shows a woman outdoors at night, wearing black gloves and a red knit hat, brandishing a white megaphone.	a woman is outside at night.	Identity
a military man playing drums from america's corp fort lewis, washington while in a parade	a man in a parade playing drums while celebrating the independence of america.	Identity
two kids running down a sand dune to the beach.	2 kids eating a crab sandwich	Non-paraphrase
a musician wearing a black shirt is playing bass guitar while kneeling.	a musician in black	Identity
a man is climbing a rock formation.	the man is athletic.	Entailment
three girls working on a rooftop together.	three blond girls working on a rooftop together.	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
a small terrier plays in a sprinkler.	a small terrier is sleeping	Non-paraphrase
an elderly woman pushing a stroller	the stroller is moving.	Entailment
two men looking into the distance on a golf course.	two women looking into the distance on a golf course.	Same polarity substitution (named entities)
a boy on a skateboard is at the top of a ramp.	the boy is smiling	Non-paraphrase
bubbles surrounded the two little girls with red-hair as they stood in front of the red wagon.	the girls were near a wagon.	Non-paraphrase
a woman is trying on knit arm warmers.	a woman is trying on shoes.	Identity
a woman slides down a purple water slide with a small boy on her lap into a pool.	a mother is sliding with her child.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a man in a kilt is playing the bagpipes.	a scottish man is afraid of strong winds.	Non-paraphrase
lady wearing orange top, brown pants sitting and talking with a lady upon a bench	three women talking on a bench.	Identity
a man is laying under a large mossy rock in the forest.	a man is inside playing with rocks	Non-paraphrase
a male child jumping off a ledge, he has a backpack on his back and a toy airplane in his left hand.	a boy kneels down to dig in his backpack to find his dumptruck.	Non-paraphrase
a boy, in a white baseball outfit, kneeling in catcher gear.	a boy is wearing football gear.	Identity
a woman in blue standing in front of a racetrack with a saddled horse.	the jockey is with her horse.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a crowd of people is surrounding and watching a black male in black jeans, a black shirt, a black hat and white sneakers who appears to be dancing.	a crowd is watching a black male performance dressed in black.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a profile of a young person with a punk hairstyle and pierced ear and nose in a cowboy shirt.	a punk rocker in cowboy shirt	Synthetic/analytic substitution
there are two golden retrievers in this picture, but only one is visible and it appears to be smiling.	the picture doesn't show any animals.	Identity
a man in a yellow shirt has his head and arms in an attic opening.	the man is standing in the attic opening.	Non-paraphrase
man smoking on a couch.	a man smoking while watching tv	Non-paraphrase
people hanging out in an airport terminal.	people are at the bus station	Non-paraphrase
a donkey pulling a person on a cart.	a person tugs on a donkey, trying to get it to go.	Identity
a brown dog is chasing a black dog through the snow in front of a wire mesh fence.	the dogs are siblings.	Non-paraphrase
food donations for the community food bank fill a truck as a worker donning a black hat reaches the loading dock.	a truck being loaded with food.	Identity
a lady in a black coat and a gray scarf is carrying shopping bags.	a lady walks home from the market in a black coat while carrying shopping bags.	Identity
a man walks out of a grocery store.	a man leaves a grocery store after buying apples.	Same polarity substitution (contextual)
an old man selling jewelry in front of a building with arabic inscriptions.	the man is selling the world.	Identity
there are plenty of people in the city shopping.	the city is abandoned.	Identity
a man with glasses reads the side of a paper bowl.	a man without glasses is reading a box.	Identity
two young men siting on a wooden couch are talking to one another.	the young men are sitting on grass.	Identity
two children talk at a skateboard park while a young man does a jump on a blue designed skateboard.	the children are waiting for their turn on the blue skateboard.	Identity
children and adults plant a sapling in the ground.	people chopping down a tree.	Identity
orange dog jumps over striped posts on course.	there is an orange dog.	Identity
three people are walking down a dirt path.	three people are surfing at the beach.	Identity
three men in white shirts dance and sing on a stage as a group of women watch from the sidelines.	three men in black covertly deal with aliens	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a woman in a red jacket taking photos is sitting on the shoulders of another woman among a crowd of people.	the women are standing alone at a park.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a girl making a face jumps in front of a scenic view of mountains and water.	the girl is jealous of the mountains.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
a child bouncing in a play and bounce.	there is a child playing.	Identity
children in a classroom are lined up with their hands on each other's backs, forming a train.	the children are getting ready for a fire drill.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
two female singers on stage with a guitarist, keyboardist and drummer accompanying.	the group on stage is performing for the first time.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
a crowd of people behind the fence waiting with cameras ready for something approaching.	the people are eager to watch what comes next	Syntax/discourse structure changes
person in dark pants and print top on ski's in the air over snow covered ground.	a man drinks hot cocoa in the lodge	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a football player kneeling down in a field with a football in his hands.	a football player celebrates a play	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a man in a brown suit passes by a bus stop in the city.	the man is riding his bike past the bus stop.	Subordination and nesting changes
some people are paddling in an air filled raft.	some people are  rafting down the rapids.	Identity
a boy catches air while racing down a local dirt trail.	the boy is riding a bmx bike.	Subordination and nesting changes
a girl in the foreground is frowning while, in the background, there are trees, atvs, and golf carts.	a girl is frowning because her atvs are being chewed on by alligators	Subordination and nesting changes
a couple of men out jogging.	women swimming in a pool.	Identity
a man in a helmet treads water.	a man is having fun in the water.	Identity
people on bicycles waiting at an intersection.	the people are waiting for the movie to begin.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
a person riding a bike jumps through the air high above a bumpy racetrack.	the person is in the air.	Identity
woman in yellow costume smiling.	woman plays soccer	Synthetic/analytic substitution
little girl slides down in the pool.	a girl plays at a water park.	Identity
a crowd of people, some with white faces, walk through a hallway while carrying photos and crosses.	a crowd of humans.	Subordination and nesting changes
two guys in a boat sailing along the ocean.	four men in a boat sail across the river	Identity
a man in a red shirt climbs a rock while another man stands behind to help him.	two men are riding bikes.	Subordination and nesting changes
child climbs the inside of a red slide.	the child is sitting in the backseat of the car driving home from the park.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
a boy in a yellow shirt and blue jeans jumps over exercise pylons while two boys dressed in soccer uniforms look on.	boys are warming up before soccer practice.	Subordination and nesting changes
a young man and mother in the kitchen washing and drying the dishes.	a couple is cleaning the back ward	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a kid is looking at coffee machines inside a store.	a kid is looking at various products while his mother shops.	Identity
a waterskier cuts through the blue water with sailboats in the background.	the waterskier was near sailboats.	Subordination and nesting changes
an orchestra of about 30 people are practicing on the stage of what appears to be an auditorium full of green chairs.	an orchestra prepares for their opening night show.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
a group, dressed in scuba gear, is sitting at the bottom of a pool.	people learn diving skills.	Subordination and nesting changes
enjoying a cold snack on a hot summer day.	a person is eating ice cream.	Identity
four men, two of them with guitars, perform on a stage while several people with their hands in the air watch.	four men perform on stage in front of an audience.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
men with bagpipes and kilts stand around in a circle.	men with tubas and trombones perform on stage.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a brown dog carrying a stick in its mouth.	a kid is waiting for the bus.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a white dog has jumped up in the air to catch a frisbee.	the pet is taking a shower.	Subordination and nesting changes
a group of friends ride the current in a raft.	a group of friends play a game of cards.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a chinese+ man and younger boy in some type of worship place worshiping.	two men are in a temple.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a bicyclist is making a high jump over a constructed stunt piece.	a big biker jumping.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
a boy in a baseball uniform runs the bases.	a boy running outdoors.	Identity
several males gather around a shirtless, white panted with ankle bells and a pearl necklace as he blows something from his mouth to create a ball of fire.	the group of teens watch as a street performer demonstrates his fire breathing technique.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
two young people serve food.	two people are serving steak.	Identity
a brunette woman wearing dark glasses and a red blouse is eating.	a brunette woman wearing dark glasses and a red blouse is eating	Identity
a woman throwing a frisbee on a beach.	a woman is going swimming after playing with a frisbee.	Subordination and nesting changes
a little girl is riding her bike on a dirt trail.	the little girl is outdoors.	Identity
a black dog with white facial and chest markings standing in chest high water.	the dog was in the water getting his monthly bath	Syntax/discourse structure changes
a group of children stare at a contraption with glass liquid filled bottles and levers as one of them manipulates one of the levers.	some children staring	Subordination and nesting changes
three men in hard hats guide large machinery.	the machine is small	Subordination and nesting changes
a person is reaching out of a window in a high rise to pull on a rope pulley.	a person is sleeping at a water park	Synthetic/analytic substitution
two women with black hair wearing flower leis standing in a store with a baby in a baby stroller.	two women are grocery shopping.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a boy is combing his hair using the car windows as a mirror.	a boy is combing his hair.	Identity
a brown dog sits still on a hillside.	a cat is sleeping on a couch.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
several girls are playing darts.	girls are playing electronic darts.	Identity
a little girl in a red dress and white hat holding two zara blue bags.	a little girl is holding two zara blue bags.	Identity
a man at a table eating, holding up a lone potato chip and looking at it.	a person having a meal.	Identity
an adult and a child walk along the beach during the day.	an adult and kid are on the beach.	Subordination and nesting changes
a black man is posing for a photo with two other people, showing just their hands, points guns at him.	all the men are caucasian.	Subordination and nesting changes
a female swimmer coming up for air as she does the butterfly stroke.	the female is playing basketball.	Subordination and nesting changes
a white kitchen corner displaying a microwave, garbage bin, dishes, stove, and other items. 	some appliances are on a kitchen corner.	Subordination and nesting changes
two women kneeling on a pathway taking pictures of the scenery.	two girls are taking pictures on a pathway.	Identity
some people are waiting at the subway station.	the people are waiting for a plane.	Identity
a group of people works hard to paddle their boat.	the people are paddling down the river	Subordination and nesting changes
a woman wearing a backpack walks on the sidewalk while a car drives by.	the woman is walking to work.	Subordination and nesting changes
the blond man looks at the camera while another man looks into his eyes.	a man takes a picture of another man's eyes	Subordination and nesting changes
a man in a green kayak paddles down some rapids in front of a waterfall	a man is paddling in the river.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
a tan curly-haired dog jumps in the snow with a stick in its mouth.	a black dog is jumping with a stick.	Identity
two women wearing saris carry bricks on their heads.	the women are wearing saris	Synthetic/analytic substitution
there is a man dressed in black and a woman wearing a colorful floral dress holding hands and expressing happiness at a party.	two girls wash their feet.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
a biker rides down the street.	a biker is standing in a house	Subordination and nesting changes
a man is videotaping something.	the man is with news crew.	Identity
an older asian woman displaying bread for sale	the woman is walking a tightrope high in the sky.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
a woman in a blue short sits with a piece of cloth in front of her and many other things on the tables surrounding her, while a man in a hat stands on the other side of the table asking her a question	the woman and man were watching tv	Subordination and nesting changes
a man on a phone and woman sitting near a painting.	a husband and wife are dancing in a museum.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a man wearing a black leather jackets holds two microphones to his mouth while standing in front of a orange and white sign.	he is at the mic near the signage.	Subordination and nesting changes
a family with two children stand at a shop display.	a family is at a shop display.	Identity
the boy takes his turn through the sprinkler and jumps with joy.	a boy is trying to cool off on a really hot day.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
the sky is blue	the moon is out and it's raining.	Change of order
a woman wearing orange looking upward.	a woman looks at an airplane overhead	Subordination and nesting changes
townspeople gathered for a festival.	a bunch of people gathered together for an event.	Identity
two people are in the woods with many green plants nearby.	people are swimming in the ocean.	Identity
a middle-age walking man wearing glasses and gray suit is covering his mouth with cars running in the background.	the man is wearing clothes.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
elderly people sit on the street playing a game.	elderly people eating lunch in a mall food court.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
several people are walking across a crosswalk in a city while a man carries a cup of coffee.	a man has a cup of coffee	Subordination and nesting changes
two men work under the hood of a white race car.	three men work under the hood of a white race car.	Identity
the beautiful reddish dog lopes around the flat snowy street with a snowball in its mouth.	a dog is running around on the hot summer beach.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
the skateboarder is jumping over a ramp.	the skateborder is resting on the bench	Identity
a young man in a bodysuit is taking part in a water sports activity.	the man is having fun.	Identity
a man is jumping in the air in front of a coastal scene with water and mountains in the background.	a guy is trying to get the perfect picture to put on facebook.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
an asian woman rings stands over the kitchen sink doing dishes.	a woman does the dishes.	Identity
a man is sitting in a grassy field with a green umbrella behind him.	a man is sitting outside.	Identity
a man drinking a beer with an intense stare.	a man dies of alcohol posioning.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
number ten is kicking the ball as number seven watches.	a hockey player is playing with a puck.	Identity
there is a man on a bucking horse holding on tightly while the crowd watches at a rodeo.	people are watching a rodeo with a man on a bucking horse holding on tightly so he won't fall.	Subordination and nesting changes
workers in blue and orange uniforms stand outside a building near their red truck.	the workers are  standing outside.	Subordination and nesting changes
watch closely as i demonstrate the art of gliding a frisbee.	a women is demonstrating a gliding frisbee	Syntax/discourse structure changes
a man standing on the shore.	a guy stands on a lake shore.	Identity
a man with a blue shirt sitting on a bed and another man with a tan colored shirt and glasses laying on a bed.	two men are wearing shirts.	Subordination and nesting changes
a shirtless man with sunglasses and a helmet is riding a motorcycle next to traffic cones.	a man is riding.	Identity
in a large city, many people gathered around a large reflective oval shaped piece of art.	a piece of art is outside for people to admire.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
a large crowd of different people walking up and down a set of high bleachers or stairs.	a crowd of people walking up and down.	Identity
a blond woman in a white tank top and sunglasses is talking to a man sitting next to boats on a rock surface.	two people are outdoors together.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a gray dog chasing a brown dog in shallow water.	a dog is chasing another dog in the water.	Identity
a large number of people walk or rest near a fountain.	a large number of people walk or rest near a dragon.	Identity
a male in a purple shirt and white hat is driving a vehicle that has four wheels and some sort of basket in the front of it carrying three people.	a guy in a vehicle carries three people in a large basket device	Subordination and nesting changes
a black dog running through water.	the dog is a puppy poodle	Subordination and nesting changes
a man is playing the guitar while another man plays the drums in front of a crowd of people.	a man stands alone playing guitar.	Subordination and nesting changes
a large man wearing a black shirt and sporting a tattoo on his leg walks along the sidewalk while carrying a water bottle.	the man is running home	Subordination and nesting changes
a child stands in front of the palestinian flag, appearing to speak to someone off-camera.	a child sits down in front of the cotton candy machine.	Subordination and nesting changes
the man in the blue shirt wearing a crucifix guards the entrance to the elevator with the aztec theme.	the man is wearing body armour.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
a group of men hanging out together.	a group of friends at the park.	Identity
two white canopies with men standing under them while one man is walking away.	men under canopies	Subordination and nesting changes
a college basketball player shooting a jump shot.	a girl swimming.	Identity
two young boys are sitting in a canoe, the one in the foreground is holding a medium sized fish.	they young boys are brothers.	Subordination and nesting changes
two country musicians jamming it up.	some people are playing their musical instruments.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
two men in white and orange jumpsuits skydiving.	the two men in white and orange jumpsuits skydived during snowy weather.	Identity
a black dog runs fast into shallow water.	a black dog walked into shallow water.	Identity
a female with dark hair and sunglasses is sitting in a blue chair with her chin rested on her hand while looking ahead and holding a think plank of wood.	a female is sitting down.	Subordination and nesting changes
skier takes a steep path down the mountain.	a skier takes a treacherous route down the mountain.	Identity
two people row a boat past rocks in water.	three people paddled the boat.	Identity
a street blocked off and guarded with one man in a striped shirt standing in the cleared road.	a very bored man is talking on the intercom to the airplane pilots as they come in for a routine landing at the airport.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
a man wearing a black vest and a girl in an orange uniform are waiting at a bus stop.	a man is waiting inside the restaurant.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a black and white dog is playing with a frisbee outside.	dog fetching frisbee with owner.	Subordination and nesting changes
two men wearing safety harnesses are working on a light fixture.	the men are working on a pool.	Identity
a young girl in a blue t-shirt is standing between two people dressed in costumes and smiling.	nobody is wearing a costume.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a little girl holds out her hand to the men jogging down the street.	the girl throws water balloons at the runners.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
a woman is smiling while standing near jewelry.	a woman is smiling while trying on jewelry.	Identity
a man in red with a satchel slung on his back, walks on the tree-lined sidewalk and is heading to the water.	a man walks on the sidewalk and is heading to the water to take a swim.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
two man are stacking lumber.	the men are stacking cheese	Identity
olympic bicyclists round a corner during competition.	a few fit men are seen taking a cup of water while on bikes.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a little boy is sitting on a wet path covered in mud.	a boy is sitting on concrete.	Identity
a toddler boy playing in his garden with his arms spread wide open.	two small children are playing in a sand box.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a young boy that's about two is staring at either a rock or sea shell in wonder.	boy thinks he sees treasure	Subordination and nesting changes
a field with some scottish marching bands and many spectators sitting on the stadium behind.	there are a lot of people listening to the band.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
four african males are grouped together, looking at something.	four american women skiing.	Subordination and nesting changes
the man repels down the side of a cliff.	there is a person skiing and he fell and hurt himself	Subordination and nesting changes
if the animal jumps out of the vehicle, or the truck is in an accident, the animal could be injured. 	an animal in a vehicle is potentially unsafe.	Change of order
a person is reading a magazine on a snowing sidewalk.	a person is reading a magazine on a sidewalk.	Identity
many people have gathered to protest the government.	the group of people are singing "happy birthday" and eating cake.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a woman drinking out of a fruit.	a woman is drinking the juice of a coconut with a straw.	Identity
a boy in a blue jacket standing on a street corner.	the boy is sleeping at home	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a man is conducting an orchestra.	a human conducting.	Identity
an asian girl plays with a sheet.	an asian girl is swimming in a lake.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a young woman wearing glasses blowing smoke.	a woman is blowing smoke.	Identity
a woman with long dark hair is sitting on the ground next to a bucket of cut flowers.	a woman in her garden.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a man is making pretzels.	the man is planning on eating pretzels.	Identity
six formally-dressed black men stand at a railing near a fire exit.	six men await the judge	Syntax/discourse structure changes
a man is sitting in his chair in an office while putting on a red fleece sweater	a man takes a break from work.	Subordination and nesting changes
people watch as a bunch of boys stand around and perhaps hold still a large pole.	the boys are indoors sitting down.	Subordination and nesting changes
a girl diving into a swimming pool.	a girl diving into a pool.	Identity
cargo is being loaded onto a ship.	the postal carrier takes the letter from a woman.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
a group of people and children are walking along a walkway.	the people are black.	Identity
a bmx rider performs a jump while holding the bike with just his hands.	there is a man riding a bmx bike	Subordination and nesting changes
a greasy haired man with a mustache explaining what is wrong with the object in his hand.	the man is holding a rock.	Identity
man boxing with another man with a referee in the background.	two men sparring.	Identity
a man is waiting in a public area while people pass behind him.	a woman waits in a public area while people go by	Identity
a smiling woman in an apron stirs a pot on the stove while pasta hangs to dry in the foreground.	a lady is cooking for her family.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
a golden dog plays in the snow	it is snowing outside.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a group of spectators sitting in lawn chairs in the street facing a building and drinking beer.	a group of people chilling in lawn chairs in the summer	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a guy flipped over upside down on a bicycle.	a guy is riding a bicycle.	Identity
two girls take in the view.	two girls take in the panarama.	Identity
a skier carefully walks down a steep snow slope.	someone walks in the snow.	Identity
a kid in a black cap and light blue shorts playing tennis.	a child is playing tennis.	Identity
a woman on a black and white hounds tooth jacket is being held by a man with black facial hair with a white striped shirt, on a balcony with a view of the city with its lights on.	the man and woman are in a car.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
two young people embracing in an alley.	there are people outdoors happily talking about sports	Synthetic/analytic substitution
two men in the ocean surfing on the boards trying to catch some waves.	there are two men surfing.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a man playing a guitar and a man dancing are entertaining a couple sitting on a ledge by the street.	the couple are sitting on a ledge listening to two men entertaining them	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a child looking through a telescope.	a child is using a telescope.	Identity
white man sits on the floor among scattered clothing and bags.	a tall human sitting.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a guy in a huge wooden tub while people are looking over.	the man is being watched.	Subordination and nesting changes
a couple on a carnival ride call twister.	the married couple rides the twister ride	Identity
a blond and a red-haired woman sitting and having a drink together.	two women are sitting together on a chairlift.	Identity
a boy playing in a pile of dead leaves.	a boy loves fall	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a man in a red winter hat is wearing snowshoes while looking at a green pine tree.	a woman wears a scarf.	Subordination and nesting changes
a man, who wears a blue shirt, sits, hunched over on a bench while a woman in a yellow dress carrying a red shopping bag walks behind him on an urban sidewalk.	a man is wearing a blue shirt.	Subordination and nesting changes
a little girl is holding a little boy on her lap.	a little girl holds a little boy	Identity
two men are in a cherry picker looking at the billboard which has a picture of a blond woman on it.	there is a gorilla on the billboard.	Subordination and nesting changes
two girls in aprons are in a kitchen saluting to an older man in a brown shirt and glasses.	the girls are the man's daughters.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
two people dressed in animal costume outside of a building.	nobody has a costume	Subordination and nesting changes
a couple sits on a slanting tree trunk and poses for the camera.	a married couple is on their vacation.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a young woman singing and playing guitar in a performance.	she is singing in front of a large audience.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
a woman is looking happily at a plate of food.	the woman is looking at the large plate of food and thinking she can share her plate with her kids for less money.	Syntax/discourse structure changes
a man is standing in front of a mirror.	a man is looking at himself in a mirror.	Identity
a group of workers are doing some construction work.	a group of workers taking their lunch break.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
two men are painting a white roof.	two men are being paid to do a job.	Identity
a man in a suit looking down at a podium in a dinning restaurant.	went to dinner at a restaurant the other day.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
a man stands waring a blue scarf and black hat.	the man is standing	Synthetic/analytic substitution
this team of south african athletes have disabilities.	the athletes play a sport.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
three men in white shirts dance and sing on a stage as a group of women watch from the sidelines.	people are at a cookout talking and laughing.	Synthetic/analytic substitution
the spectators wear hats	the game goers were wearing hats.	Subordination and nesting changes
the man dressed liked an indian wearing feathers is standing in front of the microphone.	a indian man is using a microphone	Identity
people crossing a city street.	people cross the street.	Identity
a girl picking dandelions in a grassy meadow.	a girls picks flowers	Identity
an asian man reads a book at an event.	a man reads poetry	Identity
