people in suits standing by a table with a red tablecloth.
people are looking at things at some kind of exhibit.
a sportswoman in a red, white, and blue shirt finishes with a swing.
kids outside a third world school.
a baseball player kicks up dirt sliding in front of a catcher.
players in red uniforms on the bench during a hockey game.
two young fair girls are smiling a posing together while they ride in a boat wearing floatation vests.
three men working together in a field.
a guy with long hair, black shirt and white shorts about to play a drum.
a bunch of teens and kids with skateboards on a ramp that has a red b logo on it.
a group of kids on a merry-go-round, playing at the park.
the fawn, named after dr duane kraemer, one of the researchers, was born a few months ago.
"i´m very proud of the citizens of this state," gov. john baldacci said.
in the second quarter last year, the company experienced a net loss of $185 million, or 54 cents a share, on sales of $600 million.
pope john paul has health problems but is firmly in charge of the roman catholic church, the pope's top aide told reuters on friday.
florida’s third district court of appeal said on wednesday the original proceedings were “irretrievably tainted” by misconduct by attorneys for the class.
kedo spokesman, roland tricot said: "the executive board decided to refer this question to capitals.
goold said reporters' calls to peterson may have been monitored.
garner said the self-proclaimed mayor of baghdad, mohammed mohsen al-zubaidi, was released after two days in coalition custody.
kelly boggs' column will appear daily during the june 17-18 southern baptist convention annual meeting in phoenix.
fidelity investments, the nation's largest mutual-fund company, said it received a subpoena from new york attorney general eliot spitzer's office regarding its investigation to potential fund-trading abuses.
the legislature on wednesday sent gov. jeb bush a bill it hopes will lower malpractice insurance rates and keep doctors from limiting their practices or moving out of state.
since sept. 11, 2001, the six largest airlines have lost a combined $18 billion.
tate was 12 when he was charged with beating tiffany eunick, 6, to death in july 1999.
named after the msblast.exe file that contains the program, msblast continued to spread to new computers on thursday, but the rate of infection has slowed significantly.
the value will total about $124 million, including convertible securities, according to corel.
such a letter indicates the government intends to pursue an indictment and believes it has substantial evidence to support an indictment, the company said.
if people took the pill daily, they would lower their risk of heart attack by 88 percent and of stroke by 80 percent, the scientists claim.
after the houston event, bush returned to his crawford, texas, ranch, where he will host italian prime minister silvio berlusconi on sunday and monday.
and if we don't do this, innocent people on the ground are going to die, too."
we are currently trying to understand the scope and details of the investigation. . . .
rowland was making an appearance at a holiday party for families of connecticut national guard soldiers assigned to duty in iraq and afghanistan.
her lawyer, william zabel, could not be reached.
however, epa officials would not confirm the 20 percent figure.
shares of mcdonald's corp. and wendy's international inc. continued a modest run-up on the new york stock exchange monday.
sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.
scientists believed stardust trapped thousands of particles of dust.
federal offices were to remain closed for a second day overnight (friday us time).
"we think this planet formed with its star, 12.713 billion years ago when the (milky way) galaxy was very young, just in the process of forming."
miss novikova said while there is no standard weight for ballerinas, miss volochkova is 'bigger than others'.
the notification was first reported friday by msnbc.
fighting erupted after four north korean journalists confronted a dozen south korean activists protesting human rights abuses in the north outside the main media centre.
according to law enforcement officials, the person arrested was a known sophisticated hacker.
his lack of co-operation was allowing other ji operatives to remain at large, where they threatened further terrorist acts, mr dila said.
the reports helped overcome investor jitters after the euro briefly hit an all-time high against the dollar tuesday.
ask jeeves wednesday announced it plans to sell its enterprise software division, jeeves solutions, to kanisa.
while the shape of any military operation is unclear, jakarta has boosted the number of troops and police in the resource-rich province to more than 45,000 from 38,000.
chera larkins, 32, of manhattan, charged with perjury and filing a false instrument in three marriage applications.
the new link between mohammed and pearl was first reported in tuesday's editions of the wall street journal.
legislation making it harder for consumers to erase their debts in bankruptcy court won overwhelming house approval in march.
the chain, which has been under new management since late 1999, has more than 3,400 stores and $15.8 billion in annual revenue.
"we're a quiet, peaceful town of 862 people and nothing ever happens," said carolyn greene bennett, cedar grove's town recorder.
the emeryville-based toy company filed suit friday claiming fisher-price is violating its 1998 patent on interactive-learning books for toddlers and preschoolers.
police said her two small children were alone in the apartment for up to two days.
"it's amazing to be part of an industry that rewards its young," said hernandez, who only graduated from parsons school of design last may.
tonight, 21-year-old morgan and as many as 1,200 fellow students at wheaton college will gather in the gym for the first real dance in the school's 143-year history.
but itar-tass news agency said four of his bodyguards were among those killed by the bomb.
state police lt. timothy doyle said hackett and rossignol did not know each other, and that hackett had no connection to the college.
captain robert ramsey of us 1st armored division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 am.
el watan, an algerian newspaper, reported that the kidnappers fiercely resisted the army assault this morning, firing kalashnikov rifles.
in 1999, troops returned after rebel raids on a neighbouring russian region and a series of deadly apartment-house bombings in russian cities that were blamed on the rebels.
under the measure, doctors who perform the procedure would be subject to two years in prison and unspecified fines.
the ministry of defence said that "an investigation is being conducted into allegations that have been made against a british officer who was serving in iraq".
harkleroad was one of five american women who advanced to the third round.
late last month microsoft restricted access to its msn messenger network.
the value of the deal has increased since bp first announced it in february.
for the week ended june 15, a total of 28.2 million dvds were rented in the united states, compared with 27.3 million vhs cassettes.
pearson, led by marjorie scardino, the chief executive, publishes its interim results this week.
the number of people in the uk infected by hiv, the virus that causes aids, increased by almost 20 per cent last year to nearly 50,000.
teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped by employees; others took pictures of security-sensitive areas without anyone challenging them.
terri schiavo, 39, underwent the procedure at the tampa bay area hospice where she has been living for several years, said her father, bob schindler.
mark beaumont, a staff writer at music magazine nme, said he doesn't expect a rapturous welcome for jackson if he goes ahead with his visit to england.
in winter, it is transformed into a treacherous embankment, a mountain of ice and snow that blankets everything.
mr mcdevitt has been granted control of three crucial aspects of policing in the solomons.
despite such optimism, taiwan's sars crisis threatened to whirl out of control in the last week of may.
congress twice sent similar legislation to former president bill clinton, who vetoed it.
republicans had pledged to complete a medicare drug package by august, then extended the deadline to oct. 17, and they are still working on it.
with the power back on, state workers headed back to their jobs friday morning.
according to the bbc, the group's interim report will say its inspectors have not even unearthed "minute amounts of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons material".
the shooter ran away, police said, eluding an officer who gave chase.
the technology-laced nasdaq composite index <.ixic> added 1.92 points, or 0.12 percent, at 1,647.94.
it said the patents were "allegedly" assigned to syndia in 2001 through the lemelson medical, educational and research foundation limited partnership.
"michael jackson is unequivocally and absolutely innocent of these charges," geragos said.
last month intel raised its revenue guidance for the quarter to between $7.6 billion and $7.8 billion.
at midnight, erika was about 90 miles east of brownsville and moving toward the west at about 20 mph, with sustained winds near 70 mph.
it later emerged that he had broken his right thigh and bones in his right wrist and elbow.
the stock rose $2.11, or about 11 percent, to close friday at $21.51 on the new york stock exchange.
mark longabaugh, the league's vice president for political affairs, said that kempthorne has "shown a distinct contempt for environmental protection."
the onenote note-taking tool is listed at £169.99 while the infopath xml (extensible markup language) data gathering application is priced at £179.99.
the fed's empire state survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in june, a record high, from 10.6 in may.
"now, the other guy, he's ashamed of his party," street said to crowd laughter.
"we believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [touch-screen] machines for the 2004 presidential primary," said gilles w. burger, state board of elections chairman.
state health officials have reported 18 suspected cases in wisconsin, 10 in indiana and five in illinois.
albuquerque mayor martin chavez said investigators felt confident that with the arrests they had "at least one of the fires resolved."
"the eu regulatory system for gm authorisation is in line with wto rules: it is clear, transparent and non-discriminatory.
the woman felt threatened and reported the incident to police, and around 2:30 p.m. stackhouse was arrested.
an improving job market was a "major factor," said lynn franco, director of the board's consumer research center.
the global death toll approached 770 with more than 8,300 people sickened since the sars virus first appeared in southern china in november.
a us programmer has developed a software tool that allows users to download shared music files using apples windows itunes software, which was released last month.
grieson said both of her knees were swollen for days and that she still has scars on her legs from the incident.
this comes at a time when alba is expanding its aluminium output by 307,000 tonnes a year and is accelerating plans for another 307,000 tonnes-a-year increase.
the case marks the court's second major separation of church and state case in two years.
bank of america says its policies prohibit late-day trading, which is illegal.
french retirees will increase from one fifth to a third of the population by 2040.
massachusetts attorney general tom reilly said he was satisfied with the reimbursement.
the jury also found gonzales guilty of using excessive force by dousing olvera-carrera with pepper spray.
the a920 comes with a printer, scanner, and copier for $89.
it will be followed in november by a third movie, "the matrix revolutions."
malpractice victims say limits on damage payouts make it less likely lawyers will take cases, meaning access to justice could be denied.
the intelligence service, headed by fujimori's spy chief, vladimiro montesinos, was accused of torture, drug trafficking and disappearances.
founders of the group are matsushita electric, sony, hitachi, nec, royal philips electronics, samsung, sharp and toshiba.
total sales for the period declined 8.0 percent to $1.99 billion from a year earlier.
like-for-like sales for the 17 weeks to 27 december were flat, while the gross margin fell by 2 percentage points, the company said.
the interview thursday came a day after britain's daily mirror reported sahhaf had been taken into custody.
elsewhere in the diary, truman showed a more familiar side, colorful and outspoken in his disdain for life in the white house.
consumers still would have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.
singer brandy and her husband, robert smith, have called it quits.
"city-grown pollution, and ozone in particular, is tougher on country trees," says cornell university ecologist jillian gregg.
no country now opposes plans for a long-term european council president, replacing the current rotating presidency, as well as an eu foreign minister.
when brooks was killed in an automobile accident monday in minnesota, taylor lost a good friend.
zilkha and other shareholders, including coastal corp. founder and vocal el paso critic oscar wyatt jr., had called for wise's termination for months.
however, the talk was downplayed by pbl which said it would focus only on smaller purchases that were immediately earnings and cash flow accretive.
a bill that would have fully legalized marijuana for medical purposes in connecticut was narrowly defeated in the house of representatives on wednesday.
the 12-nation currency has risen by 33 percent against the dollar over the past 15 months.
the department of foreign affairs and trade yesterday warned australians to defer all nonessential travel to indonesia because of reports of planned terrorist attacks.
investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment thursday night, but authorities said it was from an animal.
kate's voice is clearly different from the other girls'.
you sound like him.
i always thought that was weird.
if you skip my class, i will kill you.
this is rather frightening.
i don't want you to see tom anymore.
tom isn't very dedicated.
tom will be very discouraged.
do you understand me now?
i will be very grateful if you can send us even a small tidbit of information.
it's not negotiable.
the house is vacant.
don't fear the future!
there is a position available for a secretary.
they started fighting.
my name also happens to be tom.
i want you back in boston.
they entered the jungle.
tom told me that he disagreed.
he put the key on the desk as usual.
why would tom quit?
you will wait.
there is a bunch of tourists standing around on the grass and looking at some old ruins.
the weather of japan is hotter than england's.
you remind me of my mother.
tom has a hard-to-pronounce last name.
the honeymoon will be spent abroad.
tom looks different today.
i knew that was them.
i'll see him tomorrow morning.
what else could i have done?
she was so kind as to give me advice.
you are a billy-goat.
there were two pieces of cake.
i don't know if tom and mary plan on going or not.
tom bats cleanup on our team.
someone's missing.
have you learned nothing?
all of the cookies are in the shape of stars.
you can join us if you want.
tom sings very well.
they put their pencils down.
he has blue eyes and fair hair.
don't shoot until i give the order.
just ask her.
can you do a headstand?
how drunk are you?
tom told mary that he thought john wasn't surprised.
four people are sitting down on a sidewalk.
i must hand in the report today.
he drives to work.
tom dripped with sweat.
can you take a photo of us?
the car continued to accelerate.
the cake should be done soon.
tom put the diary in the drawer.
mr smith proposed marriage to jane.
i'll never listen to him again.
call me if you find something.
there have been no problems so far.
has tom gone home?
tom is much shorter than you.
he doesn't speak either english or french.
i am wiping the dining table.
i don't think tom knows that i hate him.
i bought a book yesterday.
australia was no exception.
this hat will suit her.
john is a strong believer in fresh air.
didn't we just say we'd do it?
tom won't hurt you.
let's put some aside in good times, to have it when it's needed.
i fully trust your ability.
send for the doctor at once.
if you wish to know yourself, observe how others act. if you wish to understand others, look into your own heart.
we have had a lot of rain this summer.
i don't know how to speak french.
what spectacle!
his illness resulted from eating too much.
we're not that stupid.
put that back where it was.
i don't really understand you.
i haven't talked to the manager yet.
tom will like being in boston.
he is a truly brave person.
you're wasting ammunition.
tom doesn't know if mary will come.
nothing happened to her.
why haven't you told us?
a bow is no use without arrows.
we are your friends.
he stayed there the whole time.
a farewell party was held in honor of the retiring executive.
tom says it worked.
it looks like something's going to happen.
i couldn't help overhear your conversation.
how much does this tie cost?
i am a sculpture.
i'm wondering how long $100 will last me.
i know what this means.
tom saw mary doing that.
she forgot her umbrella on the bus.
i hope you've learned your lesson.
now they have three children.
next year the queen will visit china.
that doesn't help very much.
i went to boston on a train.
it's a pity that you can't travel with us.
there were mistakes made.
i don't have a fever.
tom said mary was nervous.
it's not me who makes the rules.
do we need to wait for her?
i find it much easier to speak french than english.
i want to want.
he stood on the floor.
i consulted all possible dictionaries.
mary told me that she was alone.
and i'd paid the price.
we certainly can't afford to turn it down.
but sloane closed the door to the entry lobby and the two journalists were talking quietly.
we're not bugged chernobyl, it's just a coincident.
conformity of production of the type which has been approved is guaranteed by the manufacturer by the normal checking of the production.
a robust registration for every operator, an efficient animal labelling scheme and the possibility to trace food and feed back are key elements in the scheme.
is that so?
[15] oj c 12, 15.1.2001, p.
i heard you!
everyone thinks i was trying to kill myself, and this damn kid is selling shirts, so he keeps this stupid story going.
you wouldn't fit into our room!
foreigners can play chinese chess
i'm not even a party to his meetings.
and we have surviving.
please, bennett.
they say chairman park has died.
the own co 2 that is relocated to the installation of the ets as part of the fuel (e.g. blast furnace gas, coke omission gas or natural gas) shall be included in the emission factor for such fuel.
name of new section
ston and sanchez will be focusing on pediatric services... ...find out everything we can on maria young.
caves are safe. they're totally safe.
walk with me.
to take a snapshot of one window, select a window under cursor from the slide list (adjacent to frame mode label ), and then click the take new frame button ( ctrl; n . )
the campaign of florrick has you to thank for your input.
okay, what are you thinking?
no matter how much i believe in it.
the task of contract agents shall, under the supervision of the civil servant or of a temporary servant, be the development of a pre-school childcare centre and shall ensure that the approach of education and proper interpersons relations exists and is applied in the education professionals (sisters, governessers and nurses and/or teachers and teachers) through reinforcement in the provision of education and interpersonal relations. their professional attitude.
inspiration, i believe.
you're sofia's father, and since i like her, i'll try the same thing with you.
as for the argument that the level of the specific duty at issue in the main proceedings hinders the distribution of mushrooms originating in a specific third country within the european union, as compared with their production costs, it cannot be shown that the european community legislator has overstepped its wide margin of discretion by providing a specific duty rate of eur 222 per 100 kilograms of drained net weight applicable. imports outside the tariff quotas of any wto member state.
perhaps it's what i'd like to hear.
so you think-- let's say, george and his boys... pull this job and george gets his cut-- maybe i could take it away from him, huh?
new event
gas bombs?
if the committee is not convinced that a decision of this sort can take effect according to the law of the jurisdiction mentioned above, the liability shall not count against the minimum requirement of own funds and eligible liabilities.
remember that ludlab that i used to sing to you when you were just a little kid?
"the body wasn't found."
enter your user name for the business academy of náchod.
well, next time again.
brinkerhoff nodded and hung up the phone.
he is a skilful man.
if there is no likelihood of confusion between the two, it cannot be maintained that the applicant's mark could be confused with the mark of the opposing party.
you protest too much.
from 1 april 2013 until the lapse of criteria validity of this decision the aox emissions from the production of each pulp used shall not exceed 0,17 kg/adt.
i mean, swallowing an aquarium stuffed with goldfish, it's far better than being the most hated girl in school.
but you wanna date me or not?
please, brother.
a stay in the hospital is necessary during an isolated limb perfusion (ipk) and for a period of seven to 10 days thereafter in order to allow doctors to closely observe blood pressure, blood circulation, and occurrence of any adverse reactions.
you always call me stupid.
'the members of the imperial family travel into the city always under escort.'
not like this, you can't.
judy, i beg you.
drive me to the truck.
as the legislation concerning the geographical indications scheme hardly presents this information on the inspections provided for in article 11, the monitoring systems provided for by individual member states are fragmented.
could you fasten her seat belts?
he was little less than a cracked vessel, some other crazed, insect-eating prophet.
'cause if anyone asks me...
you moron, you washed your hair in a water reservoir.
you wave to folks who wave to you, 'cause it's polite.
the queen's description was remarkably unusual.
he's got a map of mine fields tattooed on him.
a second later he could hear some body dropping to the ground.
since the appellant has not claimed that that is the case here, it must be noted that the court of first instance correctly rejected the abovementioned facts as belated.
to facilitate the migration between the systems established by regulation, no 1198/2006, (ec) no 861/2006, (ec) no /2011 setting up the programme to support the further developing of the integrated maritime policy] and to the scheme established by this regulation, the commission is authorised to enact delegated acts regarding conditions pursuant to article 12750, the support authorised by the commission under these regulation, including technical support and ex-post evaluation.
i think we've got to expose that, don't you?
dr. malcolm to ward three.
delete analysis
i can't buy canvases, i wish to paint. i've no colors!
and when haveyou ever learned to read?
he seemed to be a large, gigantic, circular-headed eel with a solid twenty feet in diameter.
she couldn't stand him, she figured him a naughty guy.
it all turned out just as you once suspected, cathy... that i had been kidnapped by wicked sailors and brought to england.
a successful waste management option is considered to be a success in the area in which a separate collection was introduced[18].
yes, i've been sighted.
she got into an argument with edmond hayes.
i cannot believe she said that to you.
wake up, come here, my baby.
( 7 ) see introductory note 5, which sets out the special conditions relating to products made of a mix of textile materials.
fire it.
i don't recollect who designed this, but we decided to avoid major highways.
none of you are making any sense.
but i had to ask.
then explain, please.
the hardest thing to believe, in all the things that we've told me... ...is that the love we've had was not real.
"that will be the daily procedure"
the thing that's missing is like an lift, but if we look at this lead here, i can only imagine then that some sort of lift here has been wired in here, but it's been lost in history.
that was before anyone knew who she was.
yes, i might try it.
peter has had sex with the campaign worker.
i was driving a shopping cart where the child from the jail was in it, and she thought i was a pedophile abducter.
and i'm being honest...
now, in a lot of times, we're going to find stories where the visitors basically mate with the earthwomen.
i don't like agent burke leading this operation.
this framework decision does not prevent a member state from applying its constitutional rules relating to due process, freedom of association, freedom of the press and freedom of expression in other media.
this cocktail was invented, and it's a record for his drinking too.
that's right. diplomatic immunity spies.
there is a baby hanging over here, look!
i am the meteorologist brick tamland, and i like the butter.
could you tell me...?
the kid showed up with some boy scouts.
dors quickly shifted across a phase where she needed to record slow, tall balls, so she could gauge direction and distance.
elvy, i do not love you.
i just want to let you know that...
i hurt somebody terribly when i was young, and i wish there's somebody who can help me figure this out--
21 d. submitted that letter to the s foundation on the same day after receiving the letter.
they break up, divorce and keep talking anyway, just to prove how mature they can be.
it's really not sexy.
if you trust the data retrieval service, and if you are in a position to acknowledge the risks associated with sending logon information in an uncodered format, type the sign-in info, and click ok.
father castelli was becoming something startlingly familiar the creature from the movie alien.
he spends time here and just chats with me! why you covering up mike's killer?!
and we are saying to this senseless killer, and to all the other ills that prey on those without shelter in our city-- not tonight can you prey on them.
weird loops. repeating.
okay, now push it in.
put your hands on my bosom.
look at the carcass.
look, i don't know who put you here to this place, but i ain't sharing that with anybody.
all right, uh, and what's your name?
technically, now we're thieves.
jim, what the heck is going on around here?
which means you don't have the response.
article 37 liens on cash on sub-accounts 1.
the worshippers of mishakal have restored the country to true healing.
check household funds
she flinched, clasped the screen in her hands, staring at the phone with a mixture of fear and mistrust.
oh, well... have a good time.
what he wished all the subjects of the imperium were so willing to obey imperial commands!
and the threats and challenges and threats of the environment;
then what can they sublimate?
i want no apartment.
i think it was the bomb.
promise me you're coming downstairs when you're finished.
regarding the labelling of the welfare of animals, it requires the action plan that the latter should present a report on the possible establishment of a mandatory labelling of poultrymeat and meat products for compliance with the welfare requirements and inform council and parliament of the continuing use of quantifiable indicators in community law on the welfare of animals.
voting is open for all eu citizens and citizens resident in the territory of the eu.
activate the controls.
(c) assessment and use the aim shall be to improve the assessment and use of material stored in the european in-situ and ex-situ genetic resource collections.
that was -- that was a wine, all the same.
she wouldn't fit in, you know.
subject: protection of animals in circuses answer from the commission (19 may 2005)
what were they doing on goralis?
something like it happened in carlton.
to that end, it is necessary to ensure that representatives of civil society establish a common structure at regional level to join together in order to create their own positions together.
(c) it is placed under the supervision of a centre veterinarian;
at an adequate price.
admissibility 62 the defendants contest the admissibility of the action in three respects.
believe it or not, there's a demon behind all of that.
no time to hesitate, no time to feel, no time to have a friend, no time to be with a family...
i got a job to do.
| an authorised (privatisation) investment company is an investment company established solely for the purpose of gathering the ownership certificates (vouchers) and the purchase of shares issued in accordance with regulations on ownership transformation.
because i've been looking for new friends and who knows?
in france, unemployment contributions are collected through a payroll tax, not a layoff tax.
you'il have to go, though i have to stand up to you.
apax: financial investments, cinven: financial investments, the cbc group: design and wholesale distribution of female fashion.
he reached out and cormac accepted her.
where you trying to go?
if he had had experienced a chinese incident and survived as long as he had been an a.w., he was probably seeing and doing much worse.
i must admit you put on a display with this.
more if colonel baird calculates those bases she lived upon when she was little.
you know i've got my way if i stomp.
we have no ships.
all right, you've been staring at it for so long, it's going to transform into chunks of leather -- the secret's gone.
the moment ishido had been seen approaching, hiro-matsu had taken up his battle station at the inner doorway.
so what's really happening, sam?
i can take him down when i want.
the eesc is concerned that migration and asylum related phenomena, such as trafficking in human beings and abuse, are not being sufficiently addressed by member states and third countries, in particular transit countries.
in addition to capital use, the investments in advanced technical installations require considerable costs for the professional training of persons as well as for the proper adjustment of operations.
we will transport baggage that matches the size and weighing limits for free.
you made a decoy out of her.
even when they get up to 90 miles an hour, there's still a 30-minute window.
i don't want you to speak of him that way !
when i get out of bed in the morning- and i suddenly decide to take very serious a statement that i'm certainly not completely certain my eyes work correctly, it suggests that as much as it looks like there's a solid floor by my bed, there might be a reef or something like that.
i'd say she's the only one i can trust.
will you listen to your voicemail sometime?
stilgar considered the gesture, for he could see the steersman's dumpster getting between paul and edrik's clumsy aide, too close to paul, but ...
it's the most thrilling thing the first time.
you were, after all, one of the good guys.
he said, 'i think i remember the door used to be there.
a shell opens in the wall, and you pull the dose out of it.
then, if circ kakona comes alive... ...the gods will come... ...and we'll flee in all sides and hide from those who might harm us.
table 6 adverse reactions reported in patients receiving jallra 100 mg daily in a double blind study (n=371) with insulin (with or without metformin)
man!
you steal innocent girlish honor and then yell at it!
the united states air force regrets the announcement of an early collapse of an air freighter c-141 this morning above the utah desert.
my new strategy included the plan to meet him in the right place.
why do chemists like nitrates?
essentially, the interveners at first-instance level, such as weichert, are also entitled, in principle, on the grounds of a response in the present case, provided they have an interest in the leniency of, or in the dismissal or dismissal of, the action brought by another party.
no,i've never had this kind of sea-disease.
even if they have a five-hour start.
do you think that this will keep me alive altogether on its own?
but i've fallen in love with the old one, dad.
she almost did not realize that sah'ot shouted, "that is them!"
that doesn't make any sense.
that's not what e thinks.
it's not a problem.
"and think of all that i have seen"
he's our own research.
while schneider was a man of colorful speech, his writings believed the problem would need to be solved by any means, including tactical nuclear weapons, sam was a cool, reserved fifty-two man who preferred dialogue, sabotage, to direct action.
listen to me kids.
the contributions in kind shall comply with national fiscal and social-security law.
these learned monks expect to write your own name or a name of a beloved man, dead or alive on this... pass to eternal enthusiasm of paradise.
either we go in smart or we don't go in at all.
investigators who seek proof in another eu country have complicated, 50-year-old rules.
we've risked lives to bring the rice back, and every one of 'em has been eating this evening, so watch your mouth.
so i have heard all those concerned and i've come to a certain conclusion.
for this particular protocol, article 2(8) stipulates that the entire financial contribution must be paid into a public treasury account opened with a financial institution specified by the authorities of guinea-bissau.
the newly selected constitutional assembly will now be mandated
why were they even inviting her here?
and then some beethoven, maybe some schubert for a change, but, you know...
i can't think of anything else i could've done.
there is no end to this conversation.
arnon's been threatening to kill me if we don't listen to him.
"it is never prudent to bring upon himself the wraths of the sisterhood."
hepatic impairment the pharmacokinetics and metabolism of eslicarbazepine acetate following multiple oral administrations have been evaluated in healthy subjects and patients with moderately severe hepatic impairment.
isn't that vatanen?
you know, the clock'd go a little faster if we had xboxes here.
plus, she got voted off, some financial issues... ...and somehow, we came to the point that we're friends.
at the request of an eu country and/or upon its own initiative the commission may withdraw recognition of an organisation in certain circumstances.
anton had a vague memory of the man, though his name was gone.
excuse me. when will it come to me?
article 5 the council 1.
so he stays as far away from the point of impact as possible, and never gets his hands dirty if he can help it.
i'd like to talk to you. ...about maryanne.
cover your ear.
a bizarre little heap was set near the boarding stairs, to which another coach was attached, with his head propped against the six- wheel chassis.
we were surrounded by a sea of flames.
he covered half of the ground floor of one of the wing of the main building.
significent events in 2008 overview of the overall situation of the european schools in 2008 the scheme included 21 649 students in 14 schools in the territory of 7 member states[2].
you know, did she help many of your patients get pregnant?
the mere fact, whereby a number of anti-competitive agreements can be considered as a single and continuing infringement, does not preclude each individual agreement being capable as such also to constitute, in itself, an article 81 ec (article 101 feu).
do you need me to tell you about joe pulgatti, how many people he went to the sickroom, how many into the river?
especially in los angeles.
it's questions as to whether they'll start bleeding.
vote: minutes of 11.5.2011, item 5.20, minutes of 11.5.2011, item 5.21 and minutes of 11.5.2011, item 5.22 .
a glade thronging with half-animal felons, a miscegenous rabble, the crude descendants of fugitives.
he was breaking furniture,and the hotel manager told us we should stop him, or he'd call the police.
well, we're questioning everybody who paid him a visit to the prison.
the uk has now submitted relevant data with respect to the epidemiological situation and the application of the provisions of the eu legislation relating to bse in the isles of norway and the isle of man.
as mentioned, sjóvà is active in both non-life and life insurance markets in iceland.
this is still a dirty border town... ...but the skip is expanding the rubber industry.
not only was he completely alone, he was helpless to change things.
i believe you'll recognize this.
in addition it shall meet at the instance of the chairperson or at the request of at least one third of its members.
it should be, - i don't believe it.
i believe that my other officers will remember that i will insist upon my orders.
can't you people think of a better way to smuggle drugs?
create /etch/im/siteconfig manually?
should one or more of the council members raise an objection, the council, acting by a qualified majority, may decide to grant the proposed exemption.
tony, local news just found out about the dead carcass that was dumped at the medical service.
we'il appeal to the supreme court.
'not normally, sir, no,' replied the doorbot.
that's all leading to the u.s. having more cash.
on 18 may 2006, the council adopted regulation (ec) no 765/2006 concerning restrictive measures against president lukashenko and certain officials of belarus.
navigators might have found it, if it hadn't been a more reliable magical array in disc than a magnetic.
i mean, it's not... ...within the realm of conventional cinema, but... ...what if?
i could see in your face something's bothering you.
this is on account of the commander.
subject: financial contribution by the european union to mine clearance in a buffer answer from the commission (28 july 2005)
i want to see their blood here, at the place of draba's death!
i was the one who carried ellie because her feet couldn't move fast enough.
it's really difficult to believe that sometimes there was a time that we just said, "stand it."
as amazing as those brain enhancements are, no neurobiology on earth could account for a joy coming when you were holding a newborn.
turning, he gave jack and speedy a peculiar look and set off on the main road toward alhambra.
great point.
wait, no, aren't it drawn to his side or not, you just don't want to admit it?
thank you for coming on such a journey.
i need to be faster.
major new parkways would connect these parks as well as link the city to nearby attractions.
the roads in switzerland were not as smooth as in france, and this put considerable strain on the cars despite them not travelling at racing speeds.
woods was born in detroit and now lives in southern france.
chandos leigh, 1st baron leigh (27 june 1791 -- 27 september 1850) was a british landowner and minor poet.
the fourth edition setting presents a much abridged and somewhat different backstory that alludes to the original metaplot but doesn't explicitly reference it.
this finding also holds true for pseudowords, or pronounceable letter strings that are not real words (e.g.
the racial makeup of the cdp was 16.11% white, 1.18% african american, 82.12% native american, 0.59% from other races.
sun xiu's son, sun jian (孫儉), continued serving in the jin government as an official who concurrently serves in the palace (給事中).
that's just the way i act around the gorgeous woman
entire sheet
actions for annulment – actionable measures – acts intended to have legal effects – definition – conditions (art. 263 tfeu) 2.
yes. and he disappeared.
it's my fault, i'm sorry
what a nice smell!
he wasn't supposed to be.
i had a fight with that asshole david over sophie.
oh... thanks.
when i was your age, you could have me for a car ride and a bottle of strawberry wine.
introduce strands of his hair... ...and an image of myself, crafted in rice paper.
en official journal of the european union l 15/83 decision of the eea joint committee no 156/2014 of 9 july 2014 amending annex xxii (company law) to the eea agreement [2015/91] the eea joint committee, having regard to the agreement on the european economic area (‘the eea agreement’), and in particular article 98 thereof, whereas:
is she septic?
you should have asked him.
forio's hurt!
around here?
stay put!
the consequence of that requirement is that officials and other servants who hold posts of responsibility within a community administration must take into account the possible existence of a justified need to communicate a degree of information to the public.
materials breakdown ( 1 ) :
she’s going to need this free throw to pass phys-ed.
oh, don't run away.
he has a very developed sense of humor.
destroy them, burn them.
come on.
you wanna make up for ruining my art career? you can help me by expanding my new career.
'that was a truly vicious thing to do, stragen.'
i would love to see their faces when they find out.
"don't you?"
deputy georges prou.
i'll knock all of y'all off.
are you an actor or something?
climate change, bio-energy, water management and biodiversity acknowledges the damage that intensive agriculture has caused for example to soil structure, bio-diversity and pollution of water courses, but nevertheless emphasises the role that farmers play as guardians of the countryside and the varied traditional small-scale farming landscapes and welcomes the commission acknowledgement that eu agriculture has contributed more than other sectors to curbing greenhouse gas emissions while pointing out that agriculture in many eu regions is highly exposed to climate change; supports the call in the recent green paper on adaptation to climate change for agriculture to contribute further to mitigating the effects of climate change.
he'll suck your lungs out your ass.
if you disable this policy or do not configure it, users can display the browser in a full screen.
step back, now.
you
but i was also getting a pretty good fix on marty during all this.
you said you couldn't dance.
annex iii corrective factors referred to in article 13(5) expressed as a percentage of the carcase weight percentage decrease increase fat classes kidneys kidney fat pelvic fat liver thin skirt thick skirt tail spinal cord mammary fat testicles cod fat fat on inside of topside jugular vein and adjacent fat removal of external fat removal of brisket fat to leave a covering of fat (the muscle tissue must not be exposed)
the damage that had cut damage central's links to fusion one was appallingly evident.
some steaks.
lance despised children.
metformin is a biguanide with antihyperglycaemic effects, lowering both basal and postprandial plasma glucose.
(laughing) (gavel banging) order.
you're curious to me, wraysford.
bishapur
for there was mriga, limping over to him, still halt as before-but there was a kind of grace even to that, now.
yes, i babysit for a manhattan socialite diva.
let me ask you something, mr wells.
i don't want you to get your hopes up, buffy.
somehow, karate wasn't quite the same without rosemary.
i might not be pushing too hard.
tomorrow i want you to go back out there and look for a job that pays actual money.
he is your son,
connie, i'm sorry...
don't you take this out on me.
the man looked at it without touching it.
the great 13th-- can't we all see him in the face of this beautiful child?
but seemingly fitting compensation.
but sneaking into a movie is practically stealing, man. - " practically"?
i've reached a plateau in my analysis.
one day i dragged him out of a ditch.
2012/c 399/37 language of the case: english parties applicant: tesa se (hamburg, germany) (represented by:
you know what's going on down there?
(not checked out)
what a wonderful strong grip you've got!
best seats in the house.
it always comes with an aftertaste.
he's worshipped like a god.
i mean,you know, if i did,
oh, poor b. i'm growing up and obviously you're not, huh?
we've got to get out of austria... ...and this house... ...tonight.
see.
box 10.000, 5250 ga vlijmen, nl ciba geigy semences s.a.
overall context and requirements description of the current and planned network situation including ernd, atfm, airports and scarce resources challenges and opportunities related to the time period of the plan (including traffic demand forecast and worldwide evolution)
just do your picture, and i'm going to read your mind.
"i'm gonna send a message using the real thing."
my big sister misery no problem.
good morning, sheriff!
"emilie is loving and generous
kellen, don't even...
and she wants to take me out to lunch.
from the rotunda ahead, instead of quiet music and hushed, shuffling footsteps, a startled babble poured.
damn, i was just trying to have a good meal.
mr. wallace couldn't follow simple instructions.
start page en/motor buses cz/noge sk/noge pl/noge de/noge en/noge
in addition, data from beneficiary monitoring surveys was not verified by the authorities (poland and the czech republic).
i can't tell him, phoebe.
smiling, mr. baynes said, "the case, too."
he doesn't get headaches.
screw you, you arrogant little bastard!
princess, i was sent to rescue you by lord farquaad, ok?
"i've heard a great deal about you.
concigarato unmelitus. - unmelitus.
put your hands on your fucking heads!
i made this one, and i made this.
coulson.
excuse me, just...
a convoy of 5-10 trucks with good canadian whiskey will be met by a high-level member of the capone organisation.
the commission, after having carried out community inspections and after having informed the member states, shall set the date on which dispatch of the products referred to in paragraph 1 may commence.
miss carmen talks about you all the time.
are you asking me or reading about it?
mostly sand and terrorists.
she smiled and patted my shoulder.
on 17 march 2014, the council adopted an updated version of the list which takes into account changes in the wassenaar arrangement’s munitions list agreed at the 2013 plenary meeting of the arrangement.
whatever had once lived there lived no longer.
did you measure them?
he just said,"throw them out."
if we don’t punish him, we’ll set a bad example.
i can see into the future too, but better than kyle.
- en -
you can talk.
a bazooka is not an accident, you delusional bitch.
this is the girll jotted down last night.
i could smell your foot on that one.
six blocks in toward the center of the city, he went into a used-clothing store called play it again, sam.
you travelled a long way to pay that promoter to electrocute you.
to bask in history.
let's do it.
innocent lives are at stake.
and they could see there were definitely flecks of green mined on the jagged surface of the material.
something i got, you don't.
"i am fearful for you, for us, for all of the things we represent."
tradition dictates that everyone gives me a gift of cash.
it's true. you possess many of the qualities that voldemort himself prizes.
juan carlos de la torre rovira (no 988/2007);
survey response
because, to a large degree, they're softer, they have lower melting points, so the intuition was right.
if it's your immediate family. do you know how many children i have? no.
wait a minute, you-- she-- you're engaged?
yeah, wear myself out.
from amidst the clutter, mccoy's eyes picked out the one small item that had drawn kirk's attention.
so burton.
marietta's rock, pirate's cove and trenton's pride... ...came away smartly, with jordan's revenge...
when applying paragraphs 1 and 3, income derived from work and a dwelling and income from a significant holding in the year shall be determined without taking account of income to be retained.
environmental determinants of health, with a particular emphasis on the health impact of environmental factors, including indoor air quality and exposure to toxic chemicals, in particular carcinogenic, mutagenic, reprotoxic and allergenic substances ;
derek jeter, picking a baseball out of the air, in a diving play
the most ardent advocate of expanded health care rights should agree that the forum for that advocacy is the parliament, not the european court of justice.
all right. don't make no noise.
he shook hands solemnly.
she sighed and then laughed a warm tinkle of a laugh.
parsons holds engineering degrees from the university of mississippi and the university of central florida.
according to an arrest warrant released tuesday, dotson admitted to fbi agents that he shot dennehy in the head "because patrick had tried to shoot him."
in addition, 6,800 people were in quarantine and thousands of health-care workers in working quarantine.
the management board shall be chaired by a representative of the european coordination office, which shall provide secretarial support.
this is for you my son.
but you do believe mr. crosby disappeared in front of me?
get more apps from the store
he's gonna smoke us.
moreover, adjustments in the dose of oral anticoagulants may be necessary (see sections 4.5 and 4.8).
in the latter case, since the resident company making the distribution has already accounted for act on the profits distributed, a tax credit is granted to the resident company receiving the distribution, thereby allowing that company to pay an equivalent amount by way of dividends to its own shareholders without having to account for act.
all my problems are because of that thing.
with stefan?
38 – see footnote 10 above.
those of you who are here as replacements can step outside and follow lieutenant lewis.
the muscles in his lower back and legs refused to obey him.
but it'll work?
on the contrary, dfrc/dfia credits are freely transferable, can even be sold and be used for imports of any unrestrictedly importable goods (the input materials of the product concerned belong to this category), except capital goods.
that's why courage it's tricky.
and its many...
look, see?
the company found my calculations to be "excessively conservative."
if it ain't here, you must've missed something.
you connect all days for his mother?
this time he did not go back to the boat.
oh, hey, that's great.
the mage started to leave again but once more felt his brother's hand on his arm.
i know you have, tommy, catch a break like this.
this is a set of remains that will give us the man who killed sweets.
he's not a human.
i'll trivial the sacrifice, when all of the china is my reward!
no, this one belonged to someone important .
i didn't get to practice.
harderthan that?
they've even got an entire college devoted to the reading of tea leaves."
positive thinking!
you got all wet
send %{begin_link1}system information%{end_link1}
no!
by opis oh mama!
let me- - get your hands off!
it'd be something you'd regret every day for the rest of your life.
please make sure that the url for creating sites under is correct.
i've been saving for a place like this since i started working.
here, in the night club.
ling.
your hat and coat, mr. harrow.
we'll have a competition.
sheldon, you just can't dictate-- - no more talking.
look at that again, that's round the outside,
business guy.
simply outstanding!
you know why i don't get hard any more?
i got a date with the girl from the electronics store.
this is our new teacher.
i was just checking with the department.
it's all right.
would you please sign this?
but, look you, mates have been separated.
i mean sure, i don't love that he just did a business deal behind his father's back and lost millions of dollars.
you are crazy.
sleet was ticking against the window.
did the wife and kid have it coming?
we are finding my body and i am totally passing over.
now i believe there was some mention of a ransom?
bo, you have skills that can help people. bo, you have skills that can help people.
-no, not that, either.
besides, i can see you're just bursting to tell me anyway.
why won't you talk to me, frank?
you see, what's happened is that the cliff keeps on going.
are you sure?
if we run a nerve-conduction study on the surface of her brain, we'll see the dead spots.
run out the cannons and hold for my signal!
who's that? - that's daddy.
would've keep planning missions and find ways to kill max until you got us all killed?
he did not wish to know me any more.
so sit there!
was incapable of change. look at you two branching out.
tacked across one wall of glenn’s office were the last seven days of front pages.
tom?
the ru must take into account the vehicle or train set braking performance determined when placed in service.
enable anonymous iksd logins?
nah.
proposal for a council decision on the signature of the agreement between the european community and the principality of liechtenstein providing for measures equivalent to those laid down in council directive 2003/48/ec of 3 june 2003 on taxation of savings income in the form of interest payments and the approval and signature of the accompanying memorandum of understanding /* com/2004/0569 final */ proposal for a council decision on the signature of the agreement between the european community and the principality of liechtenstein providing for measures equivalent to those laid down in council directive 2003/48/ec of 3 june 2003 on taxation of savings income in the form of interest payments and the approval and signature of the accompanying memorandum of understanding (presented by the commission)
at least, i'm listening.
as they are with the help of doctors or programs.
his sentencing didn't go well. now he wants a deal.
mr. swanson's corporeal huskto be an urgent priority.
get him down. get him down.
this global catalog server no longer automatically covers site '%1' for forest '%2'.
the number of intercepted cases increased by 15% compared to 2010.
i promise you, you can leave.
all right, if that's what he wants.
ees s.r.o. - environmentální a ekologické služby - english - comprehensive ecological services
member states shall, without further legal or administrative requirements, allow regulated markets from other member states to provide appropriate arrangements on their territory so as to facilitate access to and trading on those markets by remote members or participants established in their territory.
should we just book this place for the rehearsal dinner as well?
unrecognized desktop file version '%s'
i don't know!
dad! mom's waiting for you.
there may well be shock troops here somewhere, an elite cadre... though when folk are kept here for centuries, their bodies and minds both must at least begin to deteriorate.
wow, that's a lot of money.
it's all on a need-to-know basis. you know that.
you want this?
i've seen that movie half a dozen times and i still don't know who the real spartacus is.
"which sort do you like best?" he asked.
you're coming home in the morning, right?
just notice who isn't here. aha.
i thought you went home to crash.
film maker in history of cinema, -
because, you know, i'm not prejudiced.
a demon in your body.
hey. does wade like johnny cash or not?
the industrial future of europe will depend, to a degree, on how we tackle this.
well, be my guest.
okay, everybody, we're having a baby, we're having a baby.
you know, the most prestigious christian prep school in austin.
nodes
the term ‘loaf-shaped’ describes a rectangular cheese.
oh can i play sure
in the light of the above, the provisional finding of the existence of a causal link between the material injury suffered by the union industry and the dumped chinese imports is confirmed.
it would be wiser ...
i found this one online.
and ruining that spirit or risking her life over that draggled outsider was not worth it.
mona: i think it's a terrible idea.
33 on 5 october 2006, the council of the european union adopted regulation (ec) no 1472/2006 imposing a definitive anti-dumping duty and collecting definitely the provisional duty imposed on imports of certain footwear with uppers of leather originating in the people’s republic of china and vietnam (oj 2006 l 275, p.
please don't say such a thing.
the commission shall be empowered to adopt implementing acts pursuant to article 26 to define the format of the fee information document, its common symbol and the order in which the services referred to in paragraph 5 of article 3 shall be presented in the fee information document.
jack, you make wounds ooze and flesh crawl!
the member states shall notify the commission on the fifth working day following the end of the application submission period of applications submitted for each of the products in the group.
these peasants are tiresome, damn!
no. wherein i suggested that you take your head and store it within yourself in a fashion that, well, while space-saving might limit its exposure to sunshine.
the dispute in the main proceedings and the questions referred for a preliminary ruling 10 the applicant in the main proceedings, 4finance, is a company that grants, by correspondence, loans of a small amount within a short period.
‘nowhere is safe now.’
from to at be bg cy cz de dk ee el es fi fr hu ie it lt lu lv mt nl pl pt ro se si sk uk notices from member states en official journal of the european union c 85/12 commission communication pursuant to article 16(4) of regulation (ec) no 1008/2008 of the european parliament and of the council on common rules for the operation of air services in the community public service obligations in respect of scheduled air services (text with eea relevance)
you hate tourists.
such identification is capable of showing that the quantities of slurry to be delivered are in principle actually intended to be used for the purpose of fertilising the plots of land of the farmers concerned.
it's sir kmicic!
murderface: yeah, that works for me. nathan:
and we can all breathe a little easier.
yes, because you knew i would take you out of france, which is exactly what i'm gonna do.
shimizu spun and took the blade against the wristband on his arm.
reluctantly miller closed the bag and looked curiously at their prisoner.
i have a very dramatic audition this afternoon.
oh,i just work for fun,george. i love working at the furniture store.
"i cannot bear to be parted from you now, even for a moment, john carter," she said.
he got claustrophobic.
you can still give us trouble.
we're living on the edge.
costs 125 under article 138(1) of the rules of procedure, the unsuccessful party is to be ordered to pay the costs if they have been applied for in the successful party’s pleadings.
no, it's just that he's busy with the lawsuit.
you are my only proposal these days that has not been turned down
this allows you to set the resolution of the goom display (bigger resolution will be prettier but more cpu intensive).
wait. i have got the biggest scoop.
it's very fitted.
hey, sir, i want to ride that wave.
toots is dead.
i just wanna make sure i'm being clear about that.
(can tab pops) in my experience, people like you don't change.
yeah, but... maybe with the anniversary coming up, he started thinking about it and... he wants to give it another try.
other novitiates are seeing visions of saints, or hearing voices calling them to god.
body has multiple fracture injuries... ...consistent with a high fall of more than 20 feet.
okay, you're right.
if you don't mind, clark, i'd like to see if i can fumigate this here chair.
hello. hello. very happy to tell you that me being a dead-waker gives you exactly one minute to help you help us by confirming my partner's theory.
maria!
article 2, which defines the concept of discrimination, provides as follows:
world war i mines still go off in france... ..long after the soldiersthat planted them died.
well, then, what does teresa do?
"within two hours of his arrest, martin mcfly jr was tried, convicted, and sentenced to 15 years in the state penitentiary"?
only if you wear these dream pants.
hi, marlene from accounting.
we have rules in privinþa dogs.
they say evil prevails when good men fail to act.
it shall be prohibited to provide services directly related to tourism activities in crimea or sevastopol, by nationals of member states, or from the territories of member states, or using vessels or aircraft under the jurisdiction of member states.
auguste renoir painted a couple promenading in the park.
that building just has shutters, here and there.
we'll be back with the heartbreaking story of the blind rhode island boy who was duped into buying a dead parakeet.
fast train no. 742 to hradec králové, pardubice...
same label of course.
it was a great outpouring of the spirit... ...and i'll not inflict myself on you any further.
come out!
such disparities, and the absence of horizontal legislation in some member states, would be liable to create barriers to trade and distortion of competition within the internal market.
please, just...
you want to wait? here?
i'm not afraid of harvey.
that obligation has the same scope as that enshrined in article 253 ec.
she's going to new york.
a monster.
we have access to the nsa's complete sat-feed history!
how do you remove scar on face ?
what kind of training be require to become a morgue assistant ?
how much math be invove in architecture ?
how do panda look after there baby ?
what summer fruit be serve in summer ?
how many teaspoon of ground cinnamon be in 18 ounce ?
what blood vessel do earth-worm have ?
what be the ` obstruction rule ' in netball ?
how be jaundice be cause ?
how many calorie be there in cheesecake ?
what be the protection of a insect ?
how mush she worth ?
the first judicial distric in illinoi be located in ?
how do the scientist ptolemy die ?
how do fruit get transport from france to england ?
how can you become a actress in real life ?
what be the normal pulse rate for a 7 year old child ?
what be yhe meanyng of caper ?
how do the we constitution fix financial problem ?
why be the colony of connecticut be found ?
replace a clutch on a b2200 ?
what be double d cup size ?
about how many shrimp would equal one pound ?
can you use a smaller propane tank on a home bbq ?
how much moon weigh ?
what be the process use in water treatment ?
what be michael jordan current career ?
how many syllable do the word coat have ?
what level be the tyrogue that the blackbelt give you ?
how big be one pyramid ?
do suboxone reacte with zanax ?
what be the total length in yard of a nflcollege football field ?
substance that be a pure compound ?
what be you federal electorate ?
how much do a lamborgini murcelago cost ?
how do the geography of vietnam affect the fighting ?
how much do a trash collector make in sc ?
can plant a apricot seed from ?
what be type of ocean current ?
how much do you earn as a musician ?
strategy interpretation simplify business model of fsc ?
what be the price of milk in the 1930s ?
what arethe basic component of confucianism ?
how heavy be a squirrell ?
what be distance between houston and biloxi ?
alat alat yang digunakan untuk wau ?
what be the qualification for become vice-prsident and president ?
what be the nost common fingerprint ?
net worth jayzee ?
number of beach in californium ?
how much do a 3 bedroom house cost in arizona ?
how much money be gold car ?
how many people in the us military as of 2008 ?
how much money be nick canon worth ?
how can you change scooter grip ?
how much cardboard be use each year ?
what be the tagalog of the lyric pamulinawen ?
what be the difference between recall and recognition measure ?
what percent of sea salt be sodium ?
how do the of battle of khe sanh affected the soldier ?
what be the function hypha ?
how many step of meiosis be there ?
what be the main ancient greek philosopher ?
how do you attract a girl without look ?
license for locksmith in florida ?
how many window be on the white house ?
where on a map be south america ?
how many homeless in 1931 ?
what music be most comman in argentina ?
what be the boiling point of a antimony ?
what be the stroke butterfly ?
what be the new neo dragonoid ?
puppy blind ?
what be the oxidation number for s ?
what be the difference bewteen public relation and marketing ?
what size be a tuna fish ?
what be the symptom of high gas in the body ?
where be the thermometer first make at ?
where can you download prominence ?
how many chuck norris 's do it take to screw on a light bulb ?
what type of multivitamin be best ?
what be the suffix for acknowledgement ?
how much do a rabies shot for a puppy cost ?
be john ena single ?
how many calorie in 2 oz turkey meat ?
where be temple of tooth ?
patrick from fob be gay ?
how do atp work ?
how much dose a kinesiology make ?
wi-fi wireless adapter use which type of technology ?
civil war general who cut they tooth during the mexican american war ?
can you take ultram and prozac ?
a insect that start with letter e ?
which talkshow host be marry to connie chung ?
how do the part in the kidney work ?
how do you become a mod in platform racing 2 ?
how do hookworm reproduce ?
be magic marble toxic ?
1 ounce equal how many tablespoon ?
what do buddist pray about ?
how far be jacksonville florida to ft myer in mile ?
what be janet jackson real telephone nuber ?
train you must have to be a bounty hunter ?
what be a border patrol ?
how do you repair chip granite countertop ?
what be the oppisite of a mammel ?
what be the structure and location of the bile duct ?
part of a small intestine be ?
number of book anne sexton publish ?
what do the ventricle of the heart transport ?
population of hindu in nepal ?
how do you backup it infrastructure ?
manganese ii bromide ?
how much do a cake baker make a hour ?
how many movie of jason voorhees be there and what year ?
the invento of the bifocal ?
trace genalogy of jose rizal ?
how do the goegraphy of greece discourage greek unity ?
how much do amarican cocker spaneil weigh ?
what be the 2000 gold dollar worth ?
how many platypus be still live ?
what be the task of promodizer in appliance ?
what be the nhl league minimum salary ?
be border collie big ?
where be the cam sensor in a 96 buick riviera ?
average dental cost for 3 filling and 1 crown ?
how do laura ingalls wilder 's sister die ?
how many tv channel can a television have ?
how much can a female lion weigh ?
how many people live on brisbane ?
what do sacajawea do to be in history ?
sodium chloride and water be solvent ?
what insect or animal live in the pond community ?
where be nuclear waste disspose ?
what color be banana seed ?
how many bone be there in the humaan body ?
what type of macromolecule be example of cellulose ?
how be the poinsettia cross-pollinate ?
how many people like rhianna in the world ?
how many career goal have ronaldinho score ?
what be the value for a gilbert arena card ?
what be the difference in green and yellow xanex bar ?
be there different species of you insect butterfly ?
a bird which statar with letter q ?
how do hydra reproduce sexually ?
how do you replace a heater core and a 95 cadillac deville ?
where can you catch a chimpchar ?
be ufo be true ?
where be the lowest point in the westrn hemisphere ?
how do you care for a lupin plant ?
who be ned kelly gang ?
how much be a dale earnhart baseball worth ?
what be kebab meat ?
what do freemason 's do ?
what be plural for matress ?
precaution against drought ?
what be recommendation in report write ?
what be the nationonal anthem of australium call ?
where be the oil plug on a 2004 ford focus ?
oil for 1998 old bravada ac compressor ?
how many fluid ounce be there in 2 gal ?
how many month pregnant if 32 week ?
how do you break you arm easily but not painful ?
how can apologize for complait ?
how do you deal with a boss that scream at you ?
how do you download texture in photoshop ?
info on emma twigg ?
what country do lipton get thier tea from ?
predator to mustang horse ?
how many milligram be equal to one milliliter ?
what be some career deal with baby ?
how much be one third cup ?
how can you find a public record of a arrest ?
how big be earth comperd to the other ?
why will nova peris-kneebone be remember when she die ?
how many people in alaska be employ by the oil and gas industry ?
where be sanfrancisco ?
what be the scientific definition of a solid ?
how many calorie in a sercing of pancake ?
where do the endos live ?
when and be passenger pigeon declare exstinck ?
how many award do mark twain have ?
what be moniques email adress ?
how do annelid worm grow ?
what be key abiotic factor in marine ecosytem ?
who be beethoven 's 2 other brother ?
how big be it white house ?
how many cup be a half pound of shredded cheese ?
non - conventional resource of energy ?
what be the spider breathe ?
how many gallon 's of antifreeze go in a 2005 jeep liberty ?
how do dna get into cell ?
what be the guideline for emancipation in pennsylvanium ?
why you be so weak in study so what you do ?
what be the importance of the city jerusalem ?
how much be a morgan-silver-coin worth ?
how do you disarm a 1998 vw new beetle alarm system ?
what color do they have on brace ?
how do you use a bench hook and safely ?
remove tensioner ford 5.8 liter ?
how do you help coral ?
what be the spar rule for karate ?
what be the new jersey law with repo ?
the meaning of fundamental underlie assumption ?
how can sell ting from ebay ?
how much money do a firefighter earn in the us ?
what be the population of palm spring californium ?
what be that temperture of a matamorphic rock when it form ?
about how big the eifle tower ?
what be the ignition timing for a 89 toyota 4 x4 with a 22 re ?
hear it from the grape vine ?
base on you knowledge of greek root whoch of the follow word be most likely to mean the study of skin ?
do hamster see ?
220 gram of carbondioxide contain mole of co2 ?
mississippi 's highest and loest point ?
average weight of a 3 grader ?
how many nanometer in a micromillimeter ?
where do the miwok travel ?
what be the r4 ds ?
how many inch be in a 5 mile ?
what be the very best roller coaster in the world ?
what be itchy head ?
how many mm in 6.5 cm ?
how do you change the thermostat on a 1992 corolla ?
can you have a pet seal ?
where be the energy store in a plant ?
the top marjin of a unbound report be ?
what be guideline preperation food ?
where be jenolan caves located in ?
which player on a volleyball quart be the server ?
how do you seperate oxygen from tha air ?
what color be eries ?
where do the water go after a tsunami ?
who do the original scooby doo theme ?
what be the history of the trojan horse ?
anna university tirunelvelus website detail ?
why somalia no beace ?
what be the teaching process ?
do garden snail like fruit and veg ?
who be the impontant people in san diego de alacla mission ?
how do you charge a lithium digital camera battery without a charger ?
what datedayyear be st patrick bear ?
the meaning of structure of the book of proverb ?
be the alien dangerous ?
what do suburb cause for american ?
when do robert menzy leave prime minister ?
what be snail eye like ?
how much money do a administrative assistant earn in a hospital setting ?
what kind of book do c lewi like write the most ?
where do th yack live ?
what skeletal system do flatworm have ?
how much be a 5 dollar bill from 1928 worth ?
how do you get rid of blackness around the vagina ?
how do neutral atom become a postively charge particle ?
how much do a t-rex eat a week ?
how do you improve education litracy rate ?
what be the drive time from rome to florence italy ?
how do sport affect the society today ?
be cornsnake venoume ?
what be the propertei of silt ?
how much do tattoo stretch ?
where be baba ?
what cause pressure from fluid ?
how many gram in a cup of corn ?
approximetly how many sea turtle be leave ?
what be the different job you can do with a marine biology major ?
firing order for 1976 ford 390 ?
how do you get rid of yellowish tooth ?
qwhat language do they speak in guina bissau ?
be jennifer love hewitt thirty one year old ?
how many nhl team in the we and canada ?
be miranda cosgrove foster ?
the creation of judaism ?
what pipe in the organ in make from tin ?
what be jacob hoggard favorite book ?
who have a crush on blaze the cat ?
when do abrahm lincon die ?
how much caffiene be in hot chocolate ?
who be famous people who live in vermont ?
where be arcue in daimond ?
real name for buddha ?
how do you catch enteus in pokemond daimond ?
what be physical flow in marketing channel ?
starter location on 1992 plymouth laser ?
what chemical property of nitrogen make it suitable for produce chemical safety and for food packaging ?
be costco open easter sunday ?
can you freeze potato after peel ?
what be the most important event in discovery of space ?
life span for a 59 year old white male in us ?
what do ameba 's eat ?
have miley cyrus get contact lens ?
burner tubing in the bunsen burner ?
how long do it take to cook a pizza on gas mark 6 ?
what landform be in the antarctica ?
who be know as the special interest group ?
how many gram of protein be in 3 ounce of meat ?
how do you do puzzle 141 in professer layton and pandora 's box ?
what be the purpose of a charity organization ?
what be some cheerleading statistics ?
what kind of scholarship do you get for be a cartoon artist ?
the smallest pokemon in the world ?
how be a city charter ?
hwat be lincoln view of slavery in the south ?
how do jame 1st become king after elizabeth ?
how many people die from diease each year ?
how do you use mario paint ?
how be the cyclops a allegory ?
what brand of motorcycle do evel knievel use ?
99 ford escort ball joint replacement ?
what be stratify smaple ?
how much do a 73 mustang weigh ?
how many dweeb be in a doofus ?
how can mutation affect a protein ?
be toad and frog both cold blood ?
how many in a sulfide ion ?
what capital be tl ?
be small fish and crustacean secondary or primary consumer ?
what fad be there in the 1940s ?
be enzyme make up of protien ?
what be th atomic number of antimony ?
how many kl equal 8000 l ?
how much can you get for a richard petty trading card ?
how many sister do demus lavato have and what be they namesdemi lovato ?
why do michael jackson wear a band around he right arm ?
how do you say ok in swhilus ?
be there a website where you can download a song for free ?
in moss be the gametophyte haploid or diploid ?
how do you replace headlight 1998 vw beetle ?
how can you download dragonfable game ?
how many tooth do a shark have in its whole life ?
how many caloriesare there in 1 tb of butter ?
what be the structure of he nucleolus ?
what be a name of a famous astriod ?
reduce fat from face ?
be katty perry marry ?
syllabus for it 2-1 ?
what be the swift code for what be the swift code for unicredit banca ?
where be a pediatrician most work do ?
be lesbian hot and sexy ?
use of wood fuel ?
you find out kristen stewart be a vegetarian you sister you guesss dosent believe you so here the question from you sister be she really a vegeterian ?
how many yard be 550cm ?
how be mathematics involve in architecture ?
be there bakugan toy in china ?
name of college or technical school that offer education to become a criminal lawyer ?
what be the purpose of sugar in bake goods ?
how do you check distributor on ka laser ?
how do you remove the interior door panel on 2000 pontiac grand ame ?
name a amphibian with scale ?
how many mandir be there ?
how do people defeat the roman in battle ?
be there any musium name after thoma edison ?
crews worked to install a new culvert and prepare the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel as storm clouds threatened to dump more rain.
how many movie do tim burton make ?
you dont know if you house be haunt ?
the highest number of point for lebron jame ?
where be fuel filter 1990 camry ?
what degree of loft be a taylormade sand wedge ?
how many carb in 1 cup of watermelon ?
who invent the gas lawn motor ?
australians also celebrate thanksgive day ?
when be launch object ever move ?
how many people do charle manson kill ?
what be some importent fact about camera ?
how much unemployment can you collect in va ?
what be floraand fauna ?
can you get zbuck for you zcard ?
how many gram equal 1oz ?
how many beach be they in andman ?
how many tooth dose crocodile ?
how do you repair a tub-shower diverter ?
how do you get the hayabusa armor on halo 3 ?
what be extremist catholic ?
what be the six main crustal plate ?
how many seat do the emirite have hold ?
what be the step to make vacuum flask ?
when be apache first release ?
how be granite rofm ?
what be the vision of asda ?
how big be the germ of tuberculosis ?
ray ray can get a girl online ?
angel of death islam ?
what be the longest river in africa ?
what be the main drink in brazil ?
be whale shark a whale or a shark ?
what be the 4 main plate boundary ?
how much do a oxygen cilindor cost ?
the starit on witch istanbul be locate ?
how many gram be in 15 fluid oz ?
thing that characterize a biome of ecosystem ?
how many eye do a dumbo octopus have ?
how many calorie in a medium size lsice of cheese whole wheat pizza ?
what be some good kid website about solar power ?
how do different color effect heat absorption ?
what be the function of a meter in poetry ?
name the four seat available in the student council body ?
how much do a diagnostician earn in a year ?
how much do it cost to build a small university ?
how much would a pilot earn in australium over a year ?
2 liter be how many gram ?
which planetha the greatest visual magnitude ?
how do henrus matisse become famous ?
subtractive color theory ?
what be the population of moscow and bogota ?
what happend to angela carter ?
how many leg do a jellyfish have ?
how many win do bobby allison have ?
the gange riverhow long be ?
how many time have jennifer aniston actually be marry ?
how come aaron burr be kick out of office ?
what be the damages cause by pollution ?
what define a star ?
what be the sugar contact in scotch ?
how do martin luther the reformer die ?
how do you do tangle hair where do you start ?
what be the number of atom in a methane molecule ?
what be some fun fact about prairie dog ?
how do you buy cow ?
what be edgar allan poe 's general style of poetry ?
what be tourism product ?
what be the time difference between san diego can and boston ma ?
how be social phobia start ?
which restaurant be darden restaurant ?
where christianity pray ?
be teens in china good to thire paerent ?
how do you change a waterpump on a 1998 chevy cavalier ?
how do you remove the radio in a 96 isuzu rodeo ?
what do ussr stand for in the 1970 ?
how many mile from washington and washington dc ?
do fox eat baby deer ?
what limit be place on the prime minister in russium ?
how do you wash you flat brim hat ?
how many round in boxing ?
what do english citizen do about the black plague ?
usage of of fund flow statement ?
how many metric gram be 12 oz ?
how much be 34 cup powder sugar in gram ?
how much be a sidney crosby upper deck card worth ?
what be work of spectrophotometer ?
what can nicotine do you you body ?
2 important fact about colombia ?
can a magic broom really fly ?
calorie in one cup of mixed fruit ?
how meny tooth do child have ?
what be cleavage in cell ?
how many joule be in 1 mj ?
what kind of education do jackie receive ?
be convection part of the heating system ?
how many valence electron be in a rubidium atom ?
when be tactical assassin 3 come out ?
what be the requirement to be a bartender ?
how many elertocal vote dose michigan have ?
how long do it take for benadryl high to kick in ?
when do charle dickens leave he wife ?
why should genetic screening be confidential ?
how much do a dentist earn for they job ?
what be fact about christmas in canada ?
what be a example of a woody stem ?
how do you get sonic san andrea ?
how be father michael ?
how do you enter code in radio for renault ?
be grape poisonous to hamster ?
how do you win mulch in binweevil ?
how many people do the giants stadium seat ?
how many calorie brown sugar ?
how many hour be there in 24 day ?
what be the ticker symbol for chevron corporation ?
do talc scratch glass ?
manta ray and a mobulum ?
what substance can be use to make atp ?
what do quater weigh ?
most stressful job in the world ?
how many calorie be in donut hole ?
how do you decrease bruise ?
what be nigerias crime rate ?
obama be a bad person ?
what be citadel man ?
what region of the ocean do stingray live in ?
how much be earth 's diameter ?
5 acre equal how many square foot ?
what be suger content in vodka ?
how do swan protect themselfve ?
what prefix and what suffix be use on the name of all binary acid ?
how many square foot when a house measure 15x30 ?
can you die from fear ?
how many square yard in 108 square foot ?
how do p wave differ from s wave ?
where be muscovite schist find ?
how many people live in belize country ?
how many teaspoon be in 34th cup ?
how do you beat level 11 on coolmath constrution fall ?
how do you get the inside door panel off a mazda protege ?
how human adapt and evolve ?
what be the various classification of computer ?
what breed of pony be there ?
what be the use of lemon grass ?
how do fashion change between 1960-2010 ?
how many mile be it from alanta georgia to brewton alabama ?
do fern grow in meadow ?
how many ton do a computer weigh ?
how many page be in the biggest dictionary ?
suicune in pokemn leafgreen ?
where can you get rare sword that be cheap ?
what be the ingredient in hand sanitizer ?
do sperm contain blood ?
who invent bluetooth in pc ?
ow long do it take to become a lawyer ?
how much be baby cerealsoild food ?
what be some award for marie curie ?
i can not get i-doser to work ?
can you give a dog feldene ?
how may puppy would you get in a litter ?
ronnie turner tina turner ' son ?
can you give you one example of condensation ?
how many mile do you have to drive from philly to west virginium ?
where do you get the bone hunter trap module blueprint on mln ?
where can a fourteen year old get a job in columbus georgia ?
what be some biotic factor in the savannah biome ?
how do you assemble a silver brown shotgun ?
where be japan from england ?
what be two source of nutrient ?
what be the theme of ecclesiastes ?
pound great than a kilogram ?
aboriginals name for kookaburra ?
be jame roday go to marry she ?
rabindranath tagore win the nobel prize for write ?
be there a online game where you live life ?
how much money do heavy weight boxer earn ?
how do you beat the big rabbit on fancy pants adventure 2 ?
how many penguin be around the world ?
how many ml in 250g of oil ?
what be innate immune defens ?
how much do west highland white terrier 's cost ?
how do you compare weight and volume ?
what do rainbow lurekeet eat ?
how do sea sponge survive in its enviornment ?
how do the dinosaur extinct ?
how many minute be there in 400 seconds ?
can ghost shrimp live in bowl ?
what be mean by legal issue in the it industry ?
what infect a bacteriophage ?
what be the main component of mercury astosphere ?
be chimpanzee a mammal or oviparous ?
in what movie have charlton heston appear ?
what kind of habitat be be destroy ?
be johnny nitro a highflyer ?
do katherine dunham have kid ?
what percentage of canadians be muslim ?
wher do martin frobisher travel ?
how do you heal a cut in a week or less ?
what be init process in linux operating system ?
why do heliume effect you voice ?
replace cv joint on 98 blazer ?
when you cook meat do a chemical chage happen ?
what be the life cycle of a rotifera ?
application form for mat ?
pokemon pearl be there a ar code for shaymin sky form ?
how many millimeter be equivalent to 80 centimeter ?
what be frankie jona ' name ?
what be the use of the grasshopper 's mouth part ?
a woman wearing a black, red, white and pink dress
a football player in a white jersey has his hand on a football player in a green jersey who is in the air.
two children ride their tricycles on a sidewalk in front of a brightly painted wall.
the boy with the red soccer suit is falling down while the boy in the white shirt has his eyes on the ball.
a woman and a gentleman riding mass transit.
two men in hard hats inside a structure look at a yellow tractor.
two guys installing tile in which is maybe a bathroom
two young girls, in a kitchen, wearing aprons over their pajamas are saluting a man in an olive green shirt.
a boy wearing a blue t-shirt is jumping up in the air on a city street.
two kids play in the grass near a red car.
three people are standing at a fence looking at a skyscraper filled city while one looks through a binocular scope.
a child in a red shirt pushes a boy in a wagon.
two men wearing black
police on horseback at an outside protest.
a man in dark colored clothing skies over ledge, hanging in midair.
three guys outside one is jumping in the air, while the other is kicking a soccer ball, outside having a good time.
a race car coming around a curve on a gravel course creating lots of dust
motocross riders racing to the finish line.
two men using gardening tools on the ground.
a photographer is kneeling in the shadow of a blue and red inflatable fabric piece of art.
the girls, standing in a spotlight, are dressed in multicolored outfits.
men cleaning the ceiling in a museum.
a brown dog runs for a white and black dog on the grass.
three boys look at a laptop computer while a four talks on the phone.
trash litters the ground.
with a roll of toilet paper in reach a male is asleep at his desk.
someone is standing inside a concrete division and holding a tool.
a man is wearing a red shirt and vest.
a man wearing sunglasses, a cap, and a blue shirt with a superman logo on it is walking on the sidewalk holding a stereo.
a woman with gray hair, a brown hat, sunglasses, and a yellow scarf is looking away from the camera.
a man driving a john deere tractor on a main road in the country.
a young indian mother is with her child.
several women sitting at a table at a restaurant wearing islamic headdresses.
a boy and a man work on an upturned bicycle's front wheel.
construction worker leaning against under a crosswalk light.
lady getting up to leave church.
a man in a blue shirt sitting.
three elderly women walking from behind.
a man in a parade rides a brown horse and works a lariat rope.
the young girl on the scooter is getting her picture taken by the photographer.
a man in a yellow raincoat waves the chinese flag during a rainy event.
four spectators watch three competition skiers pass by.
a woman carried a girl on her back.
a man in a black shirt and jeans standing under a bridge in the city.
an asian person wearing all black in the woods.
a man wearing a harness walks towards his parachute, open on the ground.
a white birds lands swiftly in the water.
the bears seem to have a friendly or familiar relationship.
a woman speaking in front of a chevy malibu.
a man squinting with two women behind him
a young man wears a helmet and protective clothing as he races his dirt bike through a muddy track.
two small babies are sitting in identical strollers.
three road workers in orange jackets and pants clean up with a wheelbarrow.
a bald man in an orange shirt and jeans is vacuuming an office carpet with a carry-along canister vacuum.
a boy with a blue plaid shirt and shorts looks into an orange construction cone.
a boy smiles underwater.
two brothers are cooking.
a group of young people sit at bar, socializing.
a girl with a hat is sitting outside on a table with a bike leaning against the table.
child sliding in the snow.
the view from a cracked train window of children walking to or from school along train tracks.
two men working on their knees in front of a building.
two black and white dogs are looking at a gray and white kitty.
a man in a suit gives a presentation to a crowd of people.
a man in a purple shirt plays a left handed gibson les paul on stage.
a bride in a wedding dress stands near a group of students in an outdoor setting.
two workers in reflective vests are taking a break and sitting down.
a man and a woman playing a violin
a group of people wearing purple who are dancing in a parade.
two asian girls with long black hair are wearing orange signs and standing next to a guy wearing glasses.
a red-uniformed hockey player is attempting to control the puck while two white-suited hockey players try to disrupt him.
several young people are standing around drinking beverages at some kind of outdoors gathering with food.
a man in a dress shirt and tie is smiling and holding in his hands a pair of sunglasses and some sort of paper.
boy riding a donkey talking to another boy standing by an adobe wall.
a man is driving a tractor pulling a trailer full of people.
a person in pink pants playing a guitar
a baby in a blue shirt and diaper is being held by a man.
two construction workers tying something to a crane.
four men wearing helmets are working on a road.
a man wearing a shirt with an animal pattern on it and a purple tie is singing in a microphone.
a person holding a wooden instrument with detailed carvings.
a black dog carries a toy on the grass.
two men holding skateboards and one man skateboarding.
a man in a bright green shirt shows a woman in a bright pink shirt something on a clipboard.
a girl with bright red-hair and black clothes is posing on a tree trunk.
a surfer flips his board so it is perpendicular to the ocean.
a group of people walking through an abandoned lot to reach another destination.
two children play outside in a field.
a bunch of dolls sitting on a table with a little girl in a blue sweater standing behind them smiling.
two ethnic men are talking outside under a tree.
in this photo, a guy is dressed up talking.
a conductor gives a kid a tour of the train.
two women float in a busch gardens barrel through a winding water ride.
a fat woman with a black shirt on, sitting across from a thinner woman wearing a green jack, while they're both on they're laptops.
its a beautiful day for an outdoor wedding.
a girls in a strange outfit rides her bike.
an asian woman and two men (one asian and one white) are playing cards in the hallway of a train.
a guy in protective gear is looking and smiling at someone.
a person in a blue tracksuit carrying a package is standing on a snowy mountain
in a busy commercial district on a sunny day, a crowd wanders through a curved street faced with shops on both sides, with a sign saying "sultan palace" in the mid-ground.
a woman sits at a desktop computer as a woman standing next to her points out something on the screen.
intense basketball game while los angeles player dressed in red reaches for the hoop while the other team, wearing a white uniform, and fans look intently on.
there are lots of beautiful pink and white flowers and two asian girls playing in them.
a boy crouching behind some small logs playing paintball.
the dog is chasing the other dog carrying a stick in its mouth.
two men giving a presentation or speech to a group of individuals sitting in red chairs.
a man walks by a mural of a ferret on a brick wall.
a woman sits near the water washing clothes in the river.
a man is waist deep in a river casting a net.
a man before a soccer match.
basketball players try to block a ball from going into the goal.
a dog plays on the grass.
how many wives can save money on homemade equipment and on an amazing fur coat like yours?
a man wearing long, black shorts stands in front of a body of water.
man in white cleans the floor.
a furry white dog playing in the sand.
several young people riding on a big yellow fair ride
a woman inside a building is wearing a headscarf and looking out of a window through a mounted telescope.
two ladies walking together.
two men are looking at some old photographs hanging on a wall.
four people walking single file next to a large brick building.
a man wearing an orange jumpsuit and gray sweatshirt works on the side of a railroad track.
a woman is laying on a red blanket in a park.
a man in a black shirt plays guitar.
a man smiling, riding in a train.
man in shorts and t-shirt walking and holding a drink in front of an archway.
a man at a park is taking pictures.
the giraffe's brown spots are separated by white lines.
man in blue shirt and black pants is looking at his thumb on one hand while holding glasses in his other hand.
four children looking through rolled up booklets.
a group of people taking turns on a wooden, homemade ferris wheel.
young male and female adults converse over game they are playing.
a surgeon performing surgery.
two men are standing outdoors on a sunny day holding pieces of a new item, possibly a small grill, while one of the men studies the assembly instructions.
a man wearing a black short-sleeve shirt is waiting in line with his luggage.
a female volleyball team during a game or practice.
toddler siting in a swing at the park with a yellow sippy cup.
a woman with a pink bikini diving into a pool.
man about to hit a tennis ball with 3 seconds left.
a man in a black pinstripe jacket is playing a metal instrument on a sidewalk.
a group of african americans sitting at the base of a large tree.
a man, woman, and two young boys are sitting on a bench with flowers in the background.
people are sitting behind a chain link fence watching a youth baseball game.
a skinny woman, wrapped only in a towel, sitting in a sauna.
a group of people in formal attire.
a man sitting on the sidewalk photographed at an angle that makes him look headless.
one of the women is married with a ring on her ring finger.
a woman sitting on a stone bench next to many bikes.
two people sitting under a blossoming tree looking at a mountain near a shack.
a white dog is running past a water hose and a stone bench in a yard.
a man is carving a handcrafted wooden key ring in a workshop.
dark-haired man wearing a ponytail, sunglasses purple, yellow and green tye-dyed tee and khaki shorts walking past a nail salon.
a man sitting on a ball hides his face from a small kid.
a man in a blue blazer stands still in the middle of an outdoor market.
a woman is walking in a purple shirt and pink scarf.
a bald doctor is making a phone call.
a yellow car driving through a lot of snow
a person in ripped jeans and a black shirt lies on his back on a hardwood floor.
a man carrying a bundle of straw.
a left hitter swings a baseball bat at a pitched baseball.
a fat kid is floating on pool noodles.
two kids run down the aisle on the way back from a plane ride.
a family pets a brown and white pony
a man in a red shirt sits on his dirt bike and points at the camera.
a little girl wearing a yellow dress moves frantically in front of a crowded baseball stadium.
many people are resting on park benches situated under beautiful pink trees that are in full bloom.
a man on the beach is taking a picture of another man.
a man in a red apron sells snacks and toys from a cart.
a young girl running down a street.
a tent rests on the shore and a man and canoe are in the background.
a man wearing a backwards baseball cap.
multiple dancers performing on stage.
a man in a long blue shirt and blue shorts leans against a green and white wall near a red car, with a larger blue vehicle sitting in the foreground.
people in matching shirts are rowing boats while others are on a path with trees.
outside the window you can see an area of dirt that appears muddy from the rain.
there is a stadium full of people watching sporting event with male players.
man painting a house blue.
a closeup image shows a woman outdoors at night, wearing black gloves and a red knit hat, brandishing a white megaphone.
a military man playing drums from america's corp fort lewis, washington while in a parade
two kids running down a sand dune to the beach.
a musician wearing a black shirt is playing bass guitar while kneeling.
a man is climbing a rock formation.
three girls working on a rooftop together.
a small terrier plays in a sprinkler.
an elderly woman pushing a stroller
two men looking into the distance on a golf course.
a boy on a skateboard is at the top of a ramp.
bubbles surrounded the two little girls with red-hair as they stood in front of the red wagon.
a woman is trying on knit arm warmers.
a woman slides down a purple water slide with a small boy on her lap into a pool.
a man in a kilt is playing the bagpipes.
lady wearing orange top, brown pants sitting and talking with a lady upon a bench
a man is laying under a large mossy rock in the forest.
a male child jumping off a ledge, he has a backpack on his back and a toy airplane in his left hand.
a boy, in a white baseball outfit, kneeling in catcher gear.
a woman in blue standing in front of a racetrack with a saddled horse.
a crowd of people is surrounding and watching a black male in black jeans, a black shirt, a black hat and white sneakers who appears to be dancing.
a profile of a young person with a punk hairstyle and pierced ear and nose in a cowboy shirt.
there are two golden retrievers in this picture, but only one is visible and it appears to be smiling.
a man in a yellow shirt has his head and arms in an attic opening.
man smoking on a couch.
people hanging out in an airport terminal.
a donkey pulling a person on a cart.
a brown dog is chasing a black dog through the snow in front of a wire mesh fence.
food donations for the community food bank fill a truck as a worker donning a black hat reaches the loading dock.
a lady in a black coat and a gray scarf is carrying shopping bags.
a man walks out of a grocery store.
an old man selling jewelry in front of a building with arabic inscriptions.
there are plenty of people in the city shopping.
a man with glasses reads the side of a paper bowl.
two young men siting on a wooden couch are talking to one another.
two children talk at a skateboard park while a young man does a jump on a blue designed skateboard.
children and adults plant a sapling in the ground.
orange dog jumps over striped posts on course.
three people are walking down a dirt path.
three men in white shirts dance and sing on a stage as a group of women watch from the sidelines.
a woman in a red jacket taking photos is sitting on the shoulders of another woman among a crowd of people.
a girl making a face jumps in front of a scenic view of mountains and water.
a child bouncing in a play and bounce.
children in a classroom are lined up with their hands on each other's backs, forming a train.
two female singers on stage with a guitarist, keyboardist and drummer accompanying.
a crowd of people behind the fence waiting with cameras ready for something approaching.
person in dark pants and print top on ski's in the air over snow covered ground.
a football player kneeling down in a field with a football in his hands.
a man in a brown suit passes by a bus stop in the city.
some people are paddling in an air filled raft.
a boy catches air while racing down a local dirt trail.
a girl in the foreground is frowning while, in the background, there are trees, atvs, and golf carts.
a couple of men out jogging.
a man in a helmet treads water.
people on bicycles waiting at an intersection.
a person riding a bike jumps through the air high above a bumpy racetrack.
woman in yellow costume smiling.
little girl slides down in the pool.
a crowd of people, some with white faces, walk through a hallway while carrying photos and crosses.
two guys in a boat sailing along the ocean.
a man in a red shirt climbs a rock while another man stands behind to help him.
child climbs the inside of a red slide.
a boy in a yellow shirt and blue jeans jumps over exercise pylons while two boys dressed in soccer uniforms look on.
a young man and mother in the kitchen washing and drying the dishes.
a kid is looking at coffee machines inside a store.
a waterskier cuts through the blue water with sailboats in the background.
an orchestra of about 30 people are practicing on the stage of what appears to be an auditorium full of green chairs.
a group, dressed in scuba gear, is sitting at the bottom of a pool.
enjoying a cold snack on a hot summer day.
four men, two of them with guitars, perform on a stage while several people with their hands in the air watch.
men with bagpipes and kilts stand around in a circle.
a brown dog carrying a stick in its mouth.
a white dog has jumped up in the air to catch a frisbee.
a group of friends ride the current in a raft.
a chinese+ man and younger boy in some type of worship place worshiping.
a bicyclist is making a high jump over a constructed stunt piece.
a boy in a baseball uniform runs the bases.
several males gather around a shirtless, white panted with ankle bells and a pearl necklace as he blows something from his mouth to create a ball of fire.
two young people serve food.
a brunette woman wearing dark glasses and a red blouse is eating.
a woman throwing a frisbee on a beach.
a little girl is riding her bike on a dirt trail.
a black dog with white facial and chest markings standing in chest high water.
a group of children stare at a contraption with glass liquid filled bottles and levers as one of them manipulates one of the levers.
three men in hard hats guide large machinery.
a person is reaching out of a window in a high rise to pull on a rope pulley.
two women with black hair wearing flower leis standing in a store with a baby in a baby stroller.
a boy is combing his hair using the car windows as a mirror.
a brown dog sits still on a hillside.
several girls are playing darts.
a little girl in a red dress and white hat holding two zara blue bags.
a man at a table eating, holding up a lone potato chip and looking at it.
an adult and a child walk along the beach during the day.
a black man is posing for a photo with two other people, showing just their hands, points guns at him.
a female swimmer coming up for air as she does the butterfly stroke.
a white kitchen corner displaying a microwave, garbage bin, dishes, stove, and other items. 
two women kneeling on a pathway taking pictures of the scenery.
some people are waiting at the subway station.
a group of people works hard to paddle their boat.
a woman wearing a backpack walks on the sidewalk while a car drives by.
the blond man looks at the camera while another man looks into his eyes.
a man in a green kayak paddles down some rapids in front of a waterfall
a tan curly-haired dog jumps in the snow with a stick in its mouth.
two women wearing saris carry bricks on their heads.
there is a man dressed in black and a woman wearing a colorful floral dress holding hands and expressing happiness at a party.
a biker rides down the street.
a man is videotaping something.
an older asian woman displaying bread for sale
a woman in a blue short sits with a piece of cloth in front of her and many other things on the tables surrounding her, while a man in a hat stands on the other side of the table asking her a question
a man on a phone and woman sitting near a painting.
a man wearing a black leather jackets holds two microphones to his mouth while standing in front of a orange and white sign.
a family with two children stand at a shop display.
the boy takes his turn through the sprinkler and jumps with joy.
the sky is blue
a woman wearing orange looking upward.
townspeople gathered for a festival.
two people are in the woods with many green plants nearby.
a middle-age walking man wearing glasses and gray suit is covering his mouth with cars running in the background.
elderly people sit on the street playing a game.
several people are walking across a crosswalk in a city while a man carries a cup of coffee.
two men work under the hood of a white race car.
the beautiful reddish dog lopes around the flat snowy street with a snowball in its mouth.
the skateboarder is jumping over a ramp.
a young man in a bodysuit is taking part in a water sports activity.
a man is jumping in the air in front of a coastal scene with water and mountains in the background.
an asian woman rings stands over the kitchen sink doing dishes.
a man is sitting in a grassy field with a green umbrella behind him.
a man drinking a beer with an intense stare.
number ten is kicking the ball as number seven watches.
there is a man on a bucking horse holding on tightly while the crowd watches at a rodeo.
workers in blue and orange uniforms stand outside a building near their red truck.
watch closely as i demonstrate the art of gliding a frisbee.
a man standing on the shore.
a man with a blue shirt sitting on a bed and another man with a tan colored shirt and glasses laying on a bed.
a shirtless man with sunglasses and a helmet is riding a motorcycle next to traffic cones.
in a large city, many people gathered around a large reflective oval shaped piece of art.
a large crowd of different people walking up and down a set of high bleachers or stairs.
a blond woman in a white tank top and sunglasses is talking to a man sitting next to boats on a rock surface.
a gray dog chasing a brown dog in shallow water.
a large number of people walk or rest near a fountain.
a male in a purple shirt and white hat is driving a vehicle that has four wheels and some sort of basket in the front of it carrying three people.
a black dog running through water.
a man is playing the guitar while another man plays the drums in front of a crowd of people.
a large man wearing a black shirt and sporting a tattoo on his leg walks along the sidewalk while carrying a water bottle.
a child stands in front of the palestinian flag, appearing to speak to someone off-camera.
the man in the blue shirt wearing a crucifix guards the entrance to the elevator with the aztec theme.
a group of men hanging out together.
two white canopies with men standing under them while one man is walking away.
a college basketball player shooting a jump shot.
two young boys are sitting in a canoe, the one in the foreground is holding a medium sized fish.
two country musicians jamming it up.
two men in white and orange jumpsuits skydiving.
a black dog runs fast into shallow water.
a female with dark hair and sunglasses is sitting in a blue chair with her chin rested on her hand while looking ahead and holding a think plank of wood.
skier takes a steep path down the mountain.
two people row a boat past rocks in water.
a street blocked off and guarded with one man in a striped shirt standing in the cleared road.
a man wearing a black vest and a girl in an orange uniform are waiting at a bus stop.
a black and white dog is playing with a frisbee outside.
two men wearing safety harnesses are working on a light fixture.
a young girl in a blue t-shirt is standing between two people dressed in costumes and smiling.
a little girl holds out her hand to the men jogging down the street.
a woman is smiling while standing near jewelry.
a man in red with a satchel slung on his back, walks on the tree-lined sidewalk and is heading to the water.
two man are stacking lumber.
olympic bicyclists round a corner during competition.
a little boy is sitting on a wet path covered in mud.
a toddler boy playing in his garden with his arms spread wide open.
a young boy that's about two is staring at either a rock or sea shell in wonder.
a field with some scottish marching bands and many spectators sitting on the stadium behind.
four african males are grouped together, looking at something.
the man repels down the side of a cliff.
if the animal jumps out of the vehicle, or the truck is in an accident, the animal could be injured. 
a person is reading a magazine on a snowing sidewalk.
many people have gathered to protest the government.
a woman drinking out of a fruit.
a boy in a blue jacket standing on a street corner.
a man is conducting an orchestra.
an asian girl plays with a sheet.
a young woman wearing glasses blowing smoke.
a woman with long dark hair is sitting on the ground next to a bucket of cut flowers.
a man is making pretzels.
six formally-dressed black men stand at a railing near a fire exit.
a man is sitting in his chair in an office while putting on a red fleece sweater
people watch as a bunch of boys stand around and perhaps hold still a large pole.
a girl diving into a swimming pool.
cargo is being loaded onto a ship.
a group of people and children are walking along a walkway.
a bmx rider performs a jump while holding the bike with just his hands.
a greasy haired man with a mustache explaining what is wrong with the object in his hand.
man boxing with another man with a referee in the background.
a man is waiting in a public area while people pass behind him.
a smiling woman in an apron stirs a pot on the stove while pasta hangs to dry in the foreground.
a golden dog plays in the snow
a group of spectators sitting in lawn chairs in the street facing a building and drinking beer.
a guy flipped over upside down on a bicycle.
two girls take in the view.
a skier carefully walks down a steep snow slope.
a kid in a black cap and light blue shorts playing tennis.
a woman on a black and white hounds tooth jacket is being held by a man with black facial hair with a white striped shirt, on a balcony with a view of the city with its lights on.
two young people embracing in an alley.
two men in the ocean surfing on the boards trying to catch some waves.
a man playing a guitar and a man dancing are entertaining a couple sitting on a ledge by the street.
a child looking through a telescope.
white man sits on the floor among scattered clothing and bags.
a guy in a huge wooden tub while people are looking over.
a couple on a carnival ride call twister.
a blond and a red-haired woman sitting and having a drink together.
a boy playing in a pile of dead leaves.
a man in a red winter hat is wearing snowshoes while looking at a green pine tree.
a man, who wears a blue shirt, sits, hunched over on a bench while a woman in a yellow dress carrying a red shopping bag walks behind him on an urban sidewalk.
a little girl is holding a little boy on her lap.
two men are in a cherry picker looking at the billboard which has a picture of a blond woman on it.
two girls in aprons are in a kitchen saluting to an older man in a brown shirt and glasses.
two people dressed in animal costume outside of a building.
a couple sits on a slanting tree trunk and poses for the camera.
a young woman singing and playing guitar in a performance.
a woman is looking happily at a plate of food.
a man is standing in front of a mirror.
a group of workers are doing some construction work.
two men are painting a white roof.
a man in a suit looking down at a podium in a dinning restaurant.
a man stands waring a blue scarf and black hat.
this team of south african athletes have disabilities.
three men in white shirts dance and sing on a stage as a group of women watch from the sidelines.
the spectators wear hats
the man dressed liked an indian wearing feathers is standing in front of the microphone.
people crossing a city street.
a girl picking dandelions in a grassy meadow.
an asian man reads a book at an event.
