people are sitting down at the table.
people are looking at things in the water.
a woman is wearing red white and blue
the kids show up to demolish the school.
people are playing baseball
players were sitting on a bench
the girls are under the age of 18 years old.
the men are working hard in the field.
the man with short hair is going to play the guitar.
a group of kids are skateboarding.
a group of kids are playing tag on the merry-go-round in the park
the fawn, named for university researcher duane kraemer, turns 7 months old today.
im very proud of the citizens of this state, said gov. john baldacci, a casino foe.
the company posted a net loss of $185 million, or 54 cents per share, in the year-earlier period, it said in a statement wednesday.
fletcher will not do that, said his campaign manager, daniel groves.
courant staff writers matt eagan and ken davis contributed to this story.
"the executive board decided to refer this to the capitals," the korean energy development organization said.
prosecutors said interviews peterson gave reporters may have been monitored in case the fertilizer salesman confessed.
garner said self-proclaimed baghdad mayor mohammed mohsen zubaidi was released 48 hours after his detention in late april.
kelly boggs, baptist press' weekly columnist, will be writing a column each day during the southern baptist convention's annual meeting this week in phoenix.
fidelity investments has received a subpoena from new york attorney general eliot spitzer, who is investigating charges of market-timing and late-day trading in the mutual fund industry.
the legislature on wednesday approved a bill that caps damages received by medical malpractice plaintiffs in the hopes it will lower insurance rates and help the state retain doctors.
three southern politicians who risked their political careers by fighting against bigotry and intolerance were honored monday with john f. kennedy profile in courage awards for 2003.
sales for the quarter beat expectations, rising 37 percent year-on-year to 1.76 billion euros.
named after the msblast.exe file that contains the program, the msblast internet worm infected more than 300,000 computers since monday.
including convertible securities, the total estimated value of the deal is $124 million, according to corel.
the kenilworth-based company said it believes the letter shows that the government plans to pursue a criminal indictment and likely has substantial evidence supporting an indictment.
taking the pill would lower the risk of heart attack by 88 percent and of stroke by 80 percent, the scientists said.
the minister said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14-member cell believed to have carried out the five almost simultaneous attacks in casablanca on friday night.
crews are told: "if we don't do this, innocent people on the ground are going to die", he said.
weber said late thursday that the company is still trying to understand the scope and details of the investigation.
doctors say one or both boys may die, and that some brain damage is possible if they survive.
ms. kennedy cuomo's lawyer, william d. zabel, said she would not comment.
only in the past few weeks have officials settled on the 20 percent figure.
shares of mcdonald's and wendy's continued their recent recovery monday, rising more than 1 percent on the new york stock exchange in afternoon trade.
the product can be instructed to permit business-only use, according to sendmail.
stardust was designed to gather thousands of dust particles streaming from wild 2.
the government shut down in washington, and federal offices were to remain closed yesterday.
we think this planet formed with its star 12.713 billion years ago, when the [milky way] galaxy was . . . just in the process of forming.
commenting on the firing today, ms. novikova said that there was no standard weight for ballerinas but that ms. volochkova "is bigger than others."
msnbc.com first reported the cia request on friday.
trouble flared when at least four north korean reporters rushed from the taegu media centre to confront a dozen activists protesting against human rights abuses in the north.
according to law enforcement officials, the individual decrypted passwords on the server.
"prime minister abbas, we are facing a new opportunity today, a better future for both peoples," israeli prime minister ariel sharon said after tuesday's meeting.
stocks slipped at the open after the euro hit record highs against the dollar.
"i picked prostitutes as my victims because i hate most prostitutes and i did not want to pay them for sex."
five alternate jurors were also chosen, with a final one set to be selected friday morning from the panel.
muhammad and malvo, 18, are not related, but have referred to each other as father and son.
the us acknowledgment that it suspects that mohammed killed pearl was first reported in yesterday's editions of the journal.
legislation making it harder for consumers to erase their debts in bankruptcy court won speedy, house approval in march and was endorsed by the white house.
frank partnoy, a securities law professor at the university of san diego, said the case suggested that merrill's oversight and control of its executives were inadequate.
"we're a quiet, peaceful town of 862 people and nothing ever happens," bennett said.
they also drafted a non-binding priorities list specifying that a quarter of it may be used to reduce planned 5 percent cuts in fees paid to health-care providers.
police said her two small children were alone there for up to two days as she lay dead.
the flamboyant entrepreneur flagged the plan after a meeting in london with australian tourism minister joe hockey.
as many as 1,200 students at wheaton college will gather in the gym friday night for the first real dance in the christian school's 143-year history.
green wrote, the documents show that in one two-month period, bennett wired more than $1.4 million to cover losses.
at another point, mr. bush said: "the choice was up to the dictator, and he chose poorly.
earlier, captain robert ramsey of the first armoured division said a truck had exploded outside the buildings at around 11am.
el watan, an algerian newspaper, reported that the kidnappers put up fierce resistance during the army assault, firing kalashnikov rifles.
kansas department of health and environment records show there were 88 abortions performed on girls age 14 and younger last year.
the delegation leaves chicago today, then will take another week to ready the remains for reburial.
the ministry of defence said yesterday: “we can confirm that an investigation is being conducted into allegations surrounding a british officer who served in iraq.
the tech-loaded nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91 to end at its highest level for 12 months.
microsoft last month said it is updating its msn messenger service in october.
the value of bp's investment has risen since the deal was announced in february.
genentech inc., the world's second-biggest biotechnology company, and xoma ltd. said their rapitva drug failed to help patients with rheumatoid arthritis in a study.
randall simon singled to right for the second run.
the global epidemic of hiv, the virus that causes aids, is tightening its grip on britain with a record number of new cases diagnosed last year.
when biggs's body was found, authorities had no leads until four months later, when a tipster said mallard talked about the incident at a party.
against the dollar, the euro rose as high as $1.1535 -- a fresh four-year high -- in morning trade before standing at $1.1518/23 at 0215 gmt.
according to a news release sent by the terry schindler-schiavo foundation, florida speaker johnnie byrd will introduce "terri's bill" during the special session monday.
in winter, terrapin point is transformed into a treacherous embankment of ice and snow that blankets everything -- the park, the railings, even the lampposts.
mr mcdevitt has been granted control of three aspects of policing by commissioner william morrell.
baer said he had concluded that lawyers for the two victims "have shown, albeit barely . . . that iraq provided material support to bin laden and al-qaida."
mr. bush has credited the dallas pastor with helping to inspire the idea of using federal dollars to fund faith-based programs.
republicans had pledged to complete a medicare drug package by august, then extended it to oct. 17.
pataki said if power was restored, state workers would be back on the job friday morning.
marjorie scardino, the chief executive, said: "we have one headline.
police said the shooter ran away from an officer who chased him, and still was being sought thursday night.
the technology-laced nasdaq composite index .ixic dipped 0.08 of a point to 1,646.
shares of usa interactive rose $2.28, or 7 percent, to $34.96 on friday in nasdaq stock market composite trading and have gained 53 percent this year.
the german financial regulator, bafin, may prove critical of westlb's risk assessment.
at the end of the second quarter, intel initially predicted sales of between $6.9 billion and $7.5 billion.
late friday evening, forecasters said erika was 130 miles east of brownsville and tracking due west at 21 mph with sustained winds of about 70 mph.
tour doctors later confirmed that he had broken his right leg near the hip and also sustained wrist and elbow fractures.
pg&e corp. shares jumped $1.63 or 8 percent to $21.03 on the new york stock exchange on friday.
kempthorne has ''shown a distinct contempt for environmental protection,'' said mark longabaugh, the league's vice president for political affairs.
the onenote note-taking tool is listed at $273 while the infopath xml data gathering application is priced at $289.
prices had pulled back from offshore highs when the empire state survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in june, a record high, from 10.6 in may.
"the other guy, he's ashamed of his party, and i don't blame him.
"we believe we are fully prepared to roll out the revised diebold machines," said gilles w. burger, chairman of the maryland state board of elections.
as of yesterday afternoon, 22 suspected cases had been reported in wisconsin, 10 in indiana and five in illinois.
"we've got quality players," said pirates manager lloyd mcclendon.
customers include mitsubishi, siemens, dbtel, dell, hp, palm, philips, sharp, and sony.
maurice greene advanced to the semifinals of the 100-meter dash at the world track and field championships.
the veteran rock group's four-disc dvd set, called four flicks and due nov. 11 from tga entertainment, is expected to be one of the holiday season's top sellers.
the global death toll is 770 with more than 8300 people sickened since the severe acute respiratory syndrome virus first appeared in southern china in november.
independent us programmer bill zeller has developed software that lets users download shared music files using itunes for windows.
the new 25-member governing council's first move was to scrap holidays honoring saddam and his party and to create a public holiday marking the day of his downfall.
that comes as alba is lifting its aluminium output by 307,000 tonnes a year and accelerating plans for another 307,000 tonnes-a-year increase.
in 2001, the number of death row inmates nationally fell for the first time in a generation.
palm beach county is considering adding up to $200 million more in incentives.
by 2040, retirees will account for a third of the population, up from a fifth today.
massachusetts attorney general tom reilly did not let the judge's penny-pinching get him down.
gonzales was found guilty of using excessive force by spraying olvera with pepper spray.
dell's personal all-in-one a920 is an entry-level device that combines printer, scanner and copier functions for $89.
the film is the second of a trilogy, which will wrap up in november with "the matrix revolutions."
limits on damages make it less likely lawyers will take expensive cases, meaning access to justice is denied, they say.
the head of the intelligence service under mr. fujimori, vladimiro montesinos, was accused of tortures and disappearances.
celf's founding members are hitachi, matsushita, nec, philips, samsung, sharp, sony, and toshiba.
wal-mart said sales at stores open at least a year rose 4.6 percent from a year earlier.
uk retail like-for-like sales for the 17 weeks to december 27 were flat, with gross margin down two percentage points.
lay had argued that handing over the documents would be a violation of his fifth amendment rights against self-incrimination.
history aside, the diary reveals a colorful, witty, introspective and irreverent president outspoken in his disdain for life in the white house.
wells’ other series include nbc’s er and third watch.
brandy and husband splitr'n'b star brandy and robert smith, her husband of two years have split up.
"i know this sounds counterintuitive, but it's true: city-grown pollution -- and ozone in particular -- is tougher on country trees," u.s. ecologist jillian gregg said.
early voting will run weekdays from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. through sept. 9.
prince is replacing sanford "sandy" weill, who will remain citigroup's chairman.
the last time the survey was conducted, in 1995, those numbers matched.
the talk, however,has been downplayed by pbl which said it would focus only on smaller purchases that were immediately earnings and cash flow-accretive.
a move to legalize marijuana for medical use was defeated yesterday in the state house of representatives, 79-64.
the euro is up 9 percent against the dollar in the past six weeks.
the department of foreign affairs yesterday updated its travel warning on indonesia, recommending all non-essential travel be deferred because of concerns that more terrorist attacks were planned.
after saddam's regime crumbled in early april, it had to wait for legal hurdles to be crossed before sales could resume.
cathy's voice is clearly distinguishable from those of other girls.
that looks like him.
i always thought it was weird.
if you skip my classes, i'll kill you.
that's fairly alarming.
i don't want you seeing tom anymore.
tom isn't very busy.
tom is going to be very discouraged.
now do you see my point?
i would appreciate any information you can send to us.
this isn't negotiable.
the house is empty.
you should not be afraid of the future.
a secretarial post is open.
they began to argue.
my name happens to be tom, too.
i want you to return to boston.
they entered the forest.
tom told me he didn't agree.
he left his key on the desk, as he usually did.
why would tom give up?
he will wait.
a group of dogs playing
the japanese weather is milder than the english weather.
you remind me of your mother.
tom's last name is hard to pronounce.
we're planning to spend our honeymoon abroad.
tom seems different today.
i knew it was them.
i'll see them tomorrow morning.
what else can i do?
she was kind enough to give me good advice.
you're a billy-goat.
there were two cakes.
i don't know whether tom and mary plan to go or not.
tom bats 4th in our team.
there's someone missing.
haven't you learned anything?
the cookies are all in the form of stars.
he can join us if he wants.
tom is a very good singer.
they put down their pencils.
he has green eyes and blonde hair.
don't shoot before my order!
just ask him.
can you stand on your hands?
how drunk were you?
tom told mary that he didn't think john was surprised.
several people are standing in the bookstore
i have to turn in my report today.
he goes to the office by car.
tom was pouring sweat.
would you be able to take a picture of us?
the car continued to pick up speed.
the cake ought to be done soon.
tom put his appointment book in the drawer.
mr. smith asked jane to marry him.
i'll never listen to her again.
give me a ring if you find out anything.
there haven't been any problems so far.
did tom go home?
tom is a lot shorter than you.
he cannot speak english, neither can he speak french.
i wipe the dining table.
i don't think that tom knows i hate him.
yesterday the book was bought.
australia is no exception.
this hat will become her.
john is sure, that fresh air is a good thing.
haven't we just said that we'll do it?
tom isn't going to hurt you.
we should save money for a rainy day.
i completely trust your abilities.
call a doctor immediately.
if you want to understand yourself, just look how the others carry on. if you want to understand the others, look into your own heart.
we have had much rain this summer.
i don't understand any french.
what a show!
he fell ill because he ate too much.
we aren't that stupid.
put that one back.
i don't understand you at all.
i haven't yet talked to the manager.
tom is going to like being in boston.
he is a most brave man.
don't waste ammunition.
tom doesn't know whether mary will come or not.
nothing happened to him.
why didn't you tell us?
a bow is nothing without arrows.
we're your friends.
he stayed there all the time.
a farewell party was held for the executive who was retiring.
tom says it works.
something bad is going to happen.
i couldn't help overhearing your conversation.
how much is this tie?
i'm a sculpture.
how long can it be kept going with 100 dollars?
i know what it means.
tom saw how mary was doing that.
she has forgotten her umbrella in a bus.
i hope you learned your lesson.
they now have three kids.
the queen is to visit china next year.
that doesn't help much.
i went to boston by train.
i wish you could go with us.
there were errors.
my temperature is normal.
tom said mary is nervous.
i don't write the rules.
need we wait for her?
i find french much easier than english to speak.
i wanna want.
he was standing on the floor.
i looked in as many dictionaries as i could.
mary told me that she's alone.
and i pay for that.
we definitely cannot afford to say no.
but sloane carefully shut the door to the entry lobby, and the press spoke quietly together.
we didn't hack chernobyll. it's a coincidence.
the manufacturer ensures the production conformity of the type approved by routine checking of the production.
detailed registration of all operators, effective animal identification system and the ability to track feed and food are the core elements of the system.
oh, really?
[15] oj c 12, 15.1.2001, p. 1 [15] oj l 38, 17.12.2000, p.
i can hear you!
everyone thinks i tried to kill myself, and there's a lame guy selling t-shirts keeping the stupid story alive.
you wouldn't all fit!
foreigners are good at playing chinese chess.
i'm actually not a participant in his meetings.
and we've got a survivor.
please, bennett.
he said chairman park died.
the own co 2 that is transferred to an eu ets installation as part of the fuel (such as sponge furnace gas, coke-oven gas or natural gas) is included within the emission factor of that fuel.
name of the new section
okay, stone and sanchez are gonna focus on baby service, get everything we can on marie young.
caverns are safe, perfectly safe.
come here with me.
to snapshot a single window, select a window below the pointer ( next to the frame mode label), from the drop-down list, and then click the "get a new frame" button (ctrl;n ).
florrick's campaign thanks you for your input.
yeah, what's your opinion?
it doesn't matter how much i believe.
contract staff will, under the supervision of an officer or temporary staff, develop the educational capitol function of the early school centre and ensure the existence and application of the concept of training and good people-to-people relationship for the training staff (child-teacher, nurturers and tutors, and/or teacher and teachers), through strengthening of the training staff. their professional approach.
i-i think it was inspired.
you are sofia's father, and since i love her, i shall attempt the same with you.
and so far as concerns the argument that the level of specific duty disputed in the main proceedings preventing the marketing of fungi originating in the specific third country within the european union with due regard for their manufacturing costs, it cannot be established that the eu legislation exceeded its wide discretion by laying down the specific duty rate of eur 222 per 100 kilogram of wet dry-weight applicable on the community market, which applies. imports outside the tariff quota from all wto member state.
maybe i want to hear it.
so, you think that george and his boys are gonna do the job and george gets his cut.
new action
gas bombs?
unless it is satisfied that any decision would take effect under that jurisdiction's law, it will not account for that liability in respect of its minimum requirement for capital and eligible commitments.
remember that lulledaby that i sang to you when you were a kid?
"we didn't find his body."
enter your user name for trade academy náchod.
another time.
brinkerhoff nodded wordlessly as he hung up.
he's a deft man.
in the absence of a risk of confusion between the two, it cannot be argued that the trade mark of the applicant may be confused with that of the opposing party.
you're resisting too hard.
from 1 march 2013, pending the expiry of the criterion of this decision, the production-related emissions of aox of each type of pellus used may not exceed 0,17 kg/adt.
eating a fishbowl full of goldfish is way betterthan being the most hated chick in school.
but do you wanna date me or not?
brother, please!
during isolated limb perfusion (ipk) and for 7 to 10 days thereafter, a visit to the hospital is necessary so doctors can keep a close eye on blood pressure, circulation and the occurrence of any adverse effects.
you just keep telling me i'm stupid.
"members of imperial family travel to the town with escorts at all times."
no, you can't do that.
judy, i'm begging you.
get me to that truck.
as legislation on the geographical indication scheme scarcely presents this information as regards controls under article 11, the control systems implemented by each member state are fragmented.
would you fasten her seat belt?
he was obviously no more than a broken vessel, another mad-snatched, insect-eating prophet.
'cause if someone asks me...
you jerk, you've been cleaning your hair in the water tank.
you give this wave to people who are waving it at you because it's decency.
the queen's description was uncommon.
he's got a map of minefields tattooed on him.
a second later, he heard a body hit the floor.
it must be stated that, since the applicant did not maintain that that was the case in the present case, the court of first instance correctly rejected these circumstances as out of time.
in order to facilitate the transition from the systems established by regulations (ec) no 1198/2006, (ec) no 861/2006, (ec) [no /2011 establishing a programme to support the further development of an integrated maritime policy] and (ec) no 791/2007 to the system established by this regulation, the commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with article 12750 concerning the conditions under which support approved by the commission under those regulations may be integrated into support provided for under this regulation, including for technical assistance and for the ex-post evaluations.
i think we should reveal it, don't you think?
dr.malcolm, in unit three.
delete parsing
i can't purchase canvas, i want painting, but i don't got colours!
when did you learn how to read?
it appeared a giant eel with a circular head, a good eight feet in diameter.
she couldn't stand him, because she thinks she's a worthless man.
it was just as you once predicted, cathy... i was abducted by sinful pirates and brought to england.
this method is considered a successful waste management option for all areas where separate collection was in place[18].
yes, they saw me.
she and edmond hayes were in a fight.
can't believe she'd tell you that.
get to your feet, go, my child.
( 60 ) for special conditions relating to products made of a mixture of textile materials, see introductory note 5.
shoot it.
now i cannot remember who designed those things, but we've made a decision about avoiding the main roads.
none of you makes sense.
but i must have asked.
then explain this to me carefully, please.
of all those things that i've been told, it's just a little tough to believe that our love was not real.
"this is to be a day-to-day procedure."
what's missing is kind of like, the lift, but if we look at this track right here then we can imagine what kind of lifts are connecting there, but they were lost over the course of history.
that was before anyone knew who he was.
yes, that is what i could try.
peter slept with the campaign worker.
i was driving this shopping cart that had the baby from prison in it, and she thought i was a child abductor.
and to be quite frank...
so, many times, there are stories where these visitors essentially mate with the terrestrial women.
i don't like agent burke to lead the operation.
the present framework directive shall not preclude a member state from implementing its constitutional principles relating to the right to a fair trial, the freedom of association, the freedom of the press, and freedom of speech to be applied by other media.
i invented this cocktail. i also keep a record for its drink.
that's right, the spies with the diplomatic immunity.
there's some kid over there, look!
i'm brick tamland, the meteorologist, and i love the butter.
can you tell me how to-?
that chick showed up with some boy scout.
dors quickly moved over a stage in which slow, high balls must be recorded to permit her time to gauge directions and distances.
elves, i do not love you.
i just want you to understand that...
when i was young, i hurt someone terribly and i just wish there was someone who would help me understand--
21 the same day, after receiving such letter, d. submitted it to s.
they break up, divorce, still talk all the time, just to show how adult they can behave.
this is not sexy at all.
if you are confident of this data reading service and if you accept the risk to send logon information by sending it in an unenciphered format, specify the credentials and then click ok.
vicar castelli had come to be something remarkably familiar: a creature of the movie alien.
he hangs out and he talks to me is all! why are you covering for mike's killer?!
and we call that ludicrous assassin, and any other evil that is plaguing those in my city who are homeless, today you will not plague them.
strange loops, repetition.
all right, now push.
touch my breasts!
look at that body.
look, i-i didn't know who sent you here, but i'd be sharing it with no one.
that's okay, uh, and, uh, what are you called?
technically, now we are thieves.
jim, what in hell is happening here?
meaning you don't have a good answer.
article 37 liens on funds on sub-accordings 1.
worshipers of mishakal bring true healing back to the land.
check household's financial resources
she jumped and clutched the lampshade tighter, looking at the telephone with fear and distrust.
yeah, well...have a lot of fun.
how he had wished all the empire's peasants would obey imperial orders so readily!
and the threats and challenges and threats relating to the environment;
what can they sublimate afterwards?
i don't want an apartment.
i think that was a bomb.
promise me that you'll come down as soon as you're finished.
as regards to animal welfare labelling, the action plan asks the commission to submit a report on the possibility of a mandatory labelling scheme for chicken meat and meat products based on compliance with animal welfare standards and to report to the council and the parliament on the further application of measurable indicators in community animal welfare legislation.
voting is open to all eu citizens and citizens residing in the territory of the eu.
activate the console.
(c) evaluation and use this aim is to better assess and use the material deposited in the community's in-situ and ex-situ genetic resources collection.
that was... that was just the wine, but not the same.
you know she wouldn't fit in.
subject: conservation of circus animals answer from the commission (19 may 2005)
what did they do to the goralis?
it's kind of like it happened in carlton.
to that end, it must be ensured that representatives of civil society create a common structure at the regional level and that they unite in order to create their own jobs together.
(c) the station or centre shall be supervised by its veterinarian;
for the right price.
admissibility 62 the defendants contend that the action is admissible on three grounds.
believe it or not, a demon's behind all that.
no time for doubts, no time for hesitation, no time for feelings, no time for friends, no time for family.
i got work to do.
| an authorised (privatisation) investment company is an investment company set up exclusively for collection of certificates of ownership (coupons) and acquisition of shares issued in line with regulations governing transfer of ownership.
because we're looking for new friends, and who knows?
in french, the funds for the payment of the unemployment allowance are collected from employers through a payroll tax rather than a dismissal tax.
you're going to need to leave, even if i needto stand up to you.
the business activity of the undertakings in question is: for apax: financing investments, for undertaking cinden: finance investment, for undertaking cbr group: design and marketing for ladies' fondware products.
he held out his hand and cormac took it.
what are you trying to get to?
if he had experienced a chinese incident and had lived as long as a prisoner of wars, he had probably seen and done far worse.
i must admit, you showed off with that.
more if colonel baird is counting the base she used to live in when she was a little girl.
you know that if i put my foot to it, i got my way.
we're boatless.
you stare at 'em long enough, they just turn into pieces of skin... mystery's gone.
hiro-matsu took up a fighting position at the gate, as soon as ishido's arrival was reported.
so what is really going on, sam?
i can take him off as long as i want.
the committee notes with concern that phenomenon relating to immigration and asylum, like trafficking and abuse, has been under-treated at the level of the member states and third countries, especially transit countries.
in addition to the deployment of own funds, investments in modern technical installations require significant costs for vocational training of workers as well as for an appropriate adjustment of traffic patterns.
carriage of your baggage is free of charge, provided that it meets the weight and size limits.
you turned her into a bait.
even after they get a 90-mile-an-hour ride, we still got 30 minutes.
i do not want you talking about him like that!
when i get up in the morning... ...and suddenly choose to take a statement, which is certainly true... ...that i can't quite be certain that my eyes work properly... ...then it follows that although it looks like there's a solid floor, there can be a reef or anything like that.
guess she's the only one that's left to be trusted.
would you ever listen to your voice mail?
stilgar considered the signal, seeing that this might bring the helmsman's container between paul and edrik's clumsy aide too close to him, but . . .
the first time's the most exhilarating.
by all accounts, you were one of the good guys.
he said, "i think i recall there used to be a door back there.
a shell opens in the wall and you pull a dose from it.
that's when circ kakona comes alive, the gods come and we flee to all sides, and hide ourselves against any who might harm us.
table 6 adrs reported in patients receiving jalra 100mg a day in addition to insulin (with or without metformin) in double blind studies (n=371)
male!
steal the innocent honor of the girls... ...and then yell at it!
the us air force regrets the announcement of early this morning, a c-141 freighter crashed over the utah desert.
my new strategy contained the plan to meet him in the right place.
what about chemistry? -why did chemists like nitrate?
consequently, the parties to the appeal proceedings at first instance, like weichert, are, as a rule, entitled to take part by lodging a statement of appeal, provided that they have an interest in accepting and dismissing the appeal lodged by the other party.
no, i've never had seasickness like this before.
even if they're in the lead for 5 hours.
do you think it can keep me alive, all by itself?
but i'm falling for the old one, dad.
she was hardly aware that sah'ot had cried out, "that is them!"
that don't make sense, i know that.
e's not thinking so.
this is not the problem.
"of everything i've ever seen,"
he is the research.
while schneider was the man of colorful speech, he believed in the letters that the issue must be dealt with by any means, including tactical nuclear weapons, with the cold, reserved man of fifty-two who preferred dialogue and sabotage for direct action.
listen to this, guys.
contributions in kind must conform to the provisions of domestic fiscal and social security law.
these educated monks are expecting to write your own name... or a beloved person's name... dead or alive... on this... pass to heaven's eternal joy
we either play it smart, or we'll never prove it.
investigators seeking means of proof across another eu country have complex rules that are 50 years old.
we risked our lives to bring rice... and everybody's been eating tonight, so be careful with their mouths.
i saw everybody and i've come to some conclusions.
more specifically, article 2(8) of the protocol lays down that the total amount of the financial contribution is to be made out to a public treasury account held by a financing institution designated by the guinea and bissau authorities.
the newly elected constitutional assembly is now mandated
why was she even invited here?
and then there's a little bit ofbeethoven, or maybe schubert just for a change, but, you know...
i'm not sure what else i could have did.
this conversation ain't over.
arnon threatens to kill me if i do not obey him.
"it is never sensible to bring the sisterhod's anger down upon yourself."
hepatic impairment the pharmacokinetics and metabolism of eslicarbazepine acetate following multiple oral doses have been assessed in healthy subjects and patients with moderate hepatic impairment.
ain't that vatanen?
you know, time would've gone much quicker had we had xbox.
plus, she was suspended, some financial troubles... ...somehow we've come to the conclusion that we're friend.
the commission may, in certain circumstances, withdraw recognition of an organisation upon application by an eu country or its own initiative.
anton vaguely remembered the man, though he couldn't recall his name.
when is my turn?
article 5 board 1.
he's always trying to stay away from the drop point in the world as much as possible... he'll never get involved if we don't help him.
well, if you wouldn't mind,i'd love to talk to you aboutmaryanne.
cover your ears now.
by the boarding steps, behind which the car was joined, was a bizarre pile with its head propped up against a six-wheel undercarriage.
the factory was burning.
he took up half the ground floor of one of the main building wings.
markant events in 2008 an overview of the overall situation at the european schoolstates in 2008, the system covered 21,649 schoolchildren within 14 school areas within the territories of seven states[2].
has she helped a lot of your patients get pregnant?
the mere fact that several anti-compete agreements can be regarded as a single and continuous infringement does not preclude any of those individual agreements from also constituting, by themselves, an infringement of articles 81 ec (article 101 tfeu).
you want i tell the story about joe pulgatti, how many people he got in the clinic and how many in the river?
particularly in l.a.
it's just a matter of whether they start bleeding.
vote: minutes of 11.5.2011, item 5.20, minutes of 11.5.2011, item 5.21 and minutes of 11.5.2011, item 51.
a clearing encrusted by semi-rebelled criminals, mobs mixed with members of all the races, blunt and fallen offspring of the refugees.
he broke the furnishings and the hotel manager says to stop him, or he'll call the police.
we're interviewing anyone who visited carroll in prison.
the united kingdom has now submitted relevant information concerning the epidemiological situation and the application of union bse laws on the isle of man and the channel islands.
as set out above, sjóvá is active both on the icelandic non-life and life insurance markets.
it's still a dirty border city... but the rubber industry is expanding as we jump.
not only was he all alone, he was helpless to alter that, too.
i trust you recognise this.
it shall also convene at the initiative of the president, or at the request of at least one-third of its members.
it should be - i can't believe it.
i believe all my other officers will remember to insist on my orders.
can't people figure out a better way to move drugs?
create /etc/im/sitecofig manually?
in the event of an objection raised by one or more of the council members, the council, acting by qualified majority, may decide to grant the draft exemption.
tony, local news picked up on that dead corpse that was dumped at the medical service.
then we plead our case to the supreme court.
not under normal circumstances, sir," the doorbot answered.
all of this leads to americans having more cash.
on 18 may 2006, the directive concerns the restriction against president lukashenko and some officials from belarus.
navigators might have discovered it were it not that the disc's standing magical field is much more reliable.
i mean, it isn't... ...the power of conventional film, but... ...if?
i see something's bothering you in your face.
it's for the commander.
subject: european union funding for demining operations in the buffer zone answer from the commission (28 july 2005)
i want their blood here, in the place that draba died!
i carried ellie because her little legs just wouldn't move fast enough.
i find it difficult to believe ever that there would just be a point where we would just say, "stop doing that."
as wonderful as those brain enhancements are, no neurobiology in the world can explain the pleasure it brings when you are holding the newborn.
he wheeled around, eyeing jack and speedy oddly, and set off on his main road in the direction of the alhambra.
a great point.
wait, no, you're not attracted to him, or no, you just won't admit it?
thanks for coming on such a journey.
need to move faster.
major new parkways would link these parks as well as connect the city to nearby attractions.
the roads in france were not as smooth as in switzerland, and this put considerable strain on the cars despite them not travelling at racing speeds.
woods was born in southern france and now lives in detroit.
chandos leigh, 1st baron leigh (27 june 1791 -- 27 september 1850) was a minor landowner and british poet.
the original edition setting presents a somewhat different and much abridged backstory that alludes to the fourth metaplot but doesn't explicitly reference it.
this finding also holds true for pseudowords, or real letter strings that are not pronounceable words (e.g.
the racial makeup of the cdp was 16.11% white, 1.18% native american, 82.12% african american, 0.59% from other races.
sun jian's son, sun xiu (孫儉), continued serving in the jin government as an official who concurrently serves in the palace (給事中).
it's just the way i act around beautiful women.
full list
actions for annulment - measures of appeal - measures to bring legal effects - meaning - conditions (art. 263 tfeu) 2.
yes, but he's gone.
it's my fault.
mm, the smell!
he didn't have to.
i broke up with that son-of-a-bitch david for sophie.
i'll tell you what, i'm gay!
when i was your age, you'd pack me for a car ride and a bottle of strawberry wine.
and i add his hair and an image of himself, cut into rice paper.
en official journal of the european union l 15 / 83 of the council decision no 156 / 2014 of 9 july 2014 amending annex xxii (right of commercial companies) to the eea agreement [2015 / 91] of the eea agreement, taking into account the agreement on the european economic area (hereinafter referred to as "the eea agreement"), and in particular article 98 thereof, whereas:
it's septic.
you should have asked him.
forio's hurt.
around here?
nobody move!
as a result of this requirement, officials and staff acting in positions in the relevant community authorities must take into account the possible existence of a reasoned need to communicate certain information to the public.
breakdown of materials used (1):
they need this criminal charge.
don't run away.
she has a very developed sense of humour.
destroy them.
sing.
if you want to compensate me for ruining my career, you can help me in expanding my new career.
'that was really dirty of you, stragen.
i'd like to see what they look like when they show up.
"aren't you?"
member georges pirou.
i'll delete all of you.
or a comedian?
climate change, bioenergy, water economy and biodiversity admits that intensive farming has done damage, for example, on soil and biodiversity patterns, and caused water pollution, but underlines the role of farmers in maintaining rural and diverse traditional agricultural landscapes, with limited production, and welcomes the fact that the commission has acknowledged that agriculture has contributed more than other sectors to reducing greenhouse gas emissions, while emphasizing that agriculture in many regions of the eu is highly exposed to climate change; it supports the challenge contained in the recent green paper on adaptation to climate change, in order to contribute to the improvement of climate change.
if the kryptonite had sniffed at your crotch, he would have sucked his lung over his ass.
if you disable this policy or do not configure it, users will be able to display the browser on the entire screen.
back, now.
you
it was just a little too much for the idea of the look on her lips, marty.
you said you couldn't dance.
annex iii corrective factors referred to in article 13 (5), expressed as a percentage of the weight of the carcass procentage reduction increased class properate graduation expectations ledvinus
the damage interrupted by the concentration of dispatching repairs with fusion one was evident at first sight.
a couple of steaks.
lance hated the kids.
metformin is biguanide with antihyperglycaemia effects, decreased plasma glucose levels even after meals.
it's okay.
you care about me, wray.
white
for there had been mriga, prowling, still limping, as it was - but there was also some kind of charm in it.
yeah, i'm babysitting for one prominent housewife from manhattan.
i want to ask, mr. wells.
i don't want to give you hope, buffy.
ki-ah!... without rosemary, it wasn't real.
maybe i won't push him away.
i want you to go out tomorrow looking for a job for money.
he's your son.
connie, i'm sorry.
don't try this on me.
the banker looked at them, but he did not touch them.
we see his features in the child's face.
but compensation is obviously appropriate.
but, going dark to the cinema is kind of like stealing, guys.
i've reached a point in therapy.
one day i pulled it out of a trench trench.
no 207 / 2009) 2012 / c 399 / 37 language of the case: english parties applicant: tesa se (hamburg, germany) (represented by:
what's going on down there?
(nereading)
how wonderful your hand.
tomorrow night, best seats.
there's always a taste in the bottom.
she has complete and uncontested power.
no.
poor b!
we have to leave austria and this house tonight.
i'll be right there.
box 1, 4416 zg kruiningen, nl innoseeds bv p.o. box 10,000, 5250 ga vlinames, nl ciba geigy semences s.a.
general controls and requirements description of the current and planned network situation, including the design of the european route for ats (emff), air traffic flow (atfm), airports and limited resources challenges and opportunities in relation to the schedule of the plan (including forecast demand for traffic and global development)
just draw the line, and i'll read your mind.
i'm not his girlfriend.
my big sister misery no problem.
morning, sheriff!
"emilie is generous and kind,
no way.
and she wants to go to lunch with me?
there was an unexpected surprised noise from the front of the quiet music and the muffled shuffling of his feet.
i just wanted to get over my head.
mr. wallace couldn't follow simple instructions.
start page en / buses cz / noge sk / noge pl / noge de / noge en / noge
in addition, the authorities did not verify the data from the monitoring surveys for the beneficiaries (poland and the czech republic).
i can't tell him, phoebe.
"keep the holster," mr baynes explained with a smile.
toys don't hurt.
damn you, you arrogant prick.
princess, i was sent to rescue you by lord farqaad.
"i've heard a lot about you."
no, no, no, no.
hands behind your head!
i made this one and this one.
coulson.
i'm sorry.
a high-ranking member of the capone organization is to meet the convoy of 5-10 trucks of good canadian whisky.
following the implementation of community inspections and when informed by the member states, the commission shall set a date for which the dispatch of the products referred to in paragraph 1 may be initiated.
miss carmen has been talking about you all the time.
do you or did you read about it?
mostly sand and terrorists.
she laughed and patted me on the shoulder.
on 17 march 2014, the council adopted an updated version of this list, which takes into account changes to the list of ammunition in the wassenaar arrangement, as agreed at the plenary session of the arrangement in 2013.
whatever lived here was not more.
no, no, no.
he just said, "drop them out!" he's the boss.
if we don't punish him, we'll give others a bad example.
i can also look into the future, but better than kyle.
the commission is hereby invited to bring forward proposals for amendment of the council regulation.
so, say it.
the bazooka's not an accident, you crazy bitch.
that's the girl i signed yesterday.
i practically felt your foot.
six blocks farther into the centre, he entered the second handheld shop called zahra to play again, sam.
you took a long way to pay for your injuries.
bury yourself in history
let's go.
innocent lives are at stake.
and now they could see clearly that tiny veins of green mass were woven into the defrosted surface.
i do, and you don't.
"i'm worried about you, about us, about everything we introduce."
according to tradition, everyone has to give me as a gift of cash.
it's true, harry, you have many properties voldemort had.
juan carlos de la torre rovira (no 988 / 2007);
survey answers
because they're softer, they have a lower melting temperature.
besides, you've taken the 132 days of vacation since you started.
wait, you... you're engaged?
sure.
mccoy's eyes seemed to recognize one small thing that caught kirk's attention.
could it be a little more specific?
come on!
for the purposes of applying paragraphs 1 and 3, income from work and of housing and income from a substantial share reached in a calendar year shall be determined, irrespective of the revenue to be retained.
health factors related to the environment, with a particular emphasis on the impact of environmental factors on health, including air quality in enclosures and exposure to toxic chemicals, including carcinogenic, mutagenic, reprotoxic and allergenic substances.
deter jeter announced his retirement
even the most ardent advocate of expanded health care should acknowledge that parliament, rather than the european court of justice, is a platform for defending this view.
all right, but keep it down.
he and jim shook hands.
she sighed and then made a laugh.
he received a master's in engineering management in 1991 from the university of central florida.
the civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month - sliding down to 6.1 percent - as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000.
about 1,000 people attended the ceremony, kicking off two days of observances tied to the march on washington.
the administrative board shall be chaired by a representative of the european coordination office, which shall provide the administrative board with the secretariat.
that's for you, son.
but do you believe mr. crosby disappeared right in front of me?
new updates available from
we're gonna make it.
furthermore, dose adjustment of oral anticoagulants may be necessary (see sections 4.5 and 4.8).
in that latter case, if a distributed company-resident has already paid the act, it is the company-resident who is the beneficiary of those dividends, which confers a discount on the tax, which allows the latter company to distribute the same amount of dividends to its shareholders, without having to pay the act.
the necklace caused all my problems.
with stefan?
38 - see footnote 10 above.
those of you who came as a complement to the crew follow lieutenant lewis.
the muscles in his back and legs refused him to listen.
but will it work?
on the contrary, dfrc / dfia credits are freely transferable, they can even be sold and used to import imported goods without restrictions (the entry materials of the product concerned belong to this category), except in the case of long-term assets.
that's why the courage is so treacherous.
and there's so much...
do you see that?
the company found my calculations as "unduly cautious."
you must have missed him.
you call your mom every day?
this time he didn't even return to the boat.
oh, that's great.
again he headed for the exit from the tent, but again he felt his brother's hand on his shoulder.
i know you do, tommy.
it's the remains that lead us to the man who killed sweets.
it's jason!
little sacrifice if i have the whole of china to pay for it.
no, this one belonged to someone.
i'm not sure.
more pressure?
they have an entire department dedicated to downing tea leaves. "
think about it.
you're all wet.
send% {begin _ link1} information about% {end _ link1}
you'll be happy.
god damn it!
don't touch me!
it could be something that every day for the rest of your life, you could feel sorry for yourself.
make sure the url for creating subwebsites is correct.
on a place like this i've been saving since i started working.
here, at a nightclub.
what about ling?
your hat and your cape, mr. harrow.
the competition will be.
sheldon, you can't order...
let's see again. he's taking it from the outside.
entrepreneurs.
chappie!
i've had enough.
i have a date with a girl from the electronics store.
this is our new teacher.
i just called the department.
it's no big deal.
would you sign this for me?
but look, the species are divided.
i mean, i don't like him doing business at the back of his own father and losing millions of dollars.
you're crazy.
a drizzle was tapping into the window.
it must have come!
we'll find my body and i'll cross.
now i suppose i heard something about a ransom.
bo, you have skills that can help people.
no, it's not.
besides, i see you're still bursting with just how much you want to tell me.
why don't you talk to me, frank?
you know, the thing is that the reef simply goes on.
yes.
if we test the conductivity of nerves on the surface of her brain, we'll see the dead spots.
prepare the guns and await my order.
it's dad.
over and over again, you'd still plan to get max out of here until we all ate.
he didn't want to come to my house.
sit there.
and look at you two.
across the one wall of glenn's office, the marks of the last seven had been pinned on the front page.
what's going on?
the railway undertaking must take into account the braking performance of the vehicle or the train specified at the time of the entry into service.
enable anonymous iksd login?
you could be dead.
proposal for a council decision on the signing of the agreement between the european community and the principality of liechtenstein concerning the establishment of measures equivalent to the measures laid down in council directive 2003 / 48 / ec of 3 june 2003 on the taxation of revenue from savings in the form of an income of interest income and the approval and signature of the accompanying memorandum of understanding / * com / 2004 / 0569 final * / proposal for a council decision on the signature of the agreement between the european community and the principality of liechtenstein of 3 june 2003 on the determination of the measures, which are equivalent to the measures set out in council directive 2003 / 48 / ec of 3 june 2003 on the taxation of the income of interest income and the adoption and signature of the accompanying memorandum of understanding (submitted by the commission)
at least i'm listening.
i read the studie- people get 10 times more likely to change themselves, than with the help of doctors or programs.
the trial didn't go according to his imagination. now he wants a deal.
because i didn't consider mr. swanson's welfare to be a priority.
pull him down.
this global catalog server does not automatically cover the network '% 1' in the '% 2' forest.
the quantity of goods held increased by 15% compared to 2010.
i promise you i'll let you go.
all right, if he wants it.
ees s.r.o. - environmental and ecological services - comprehensive environmental services
member states shall, without further legal or administrative requirements, allow regulated markets from other member states to create, in their territory, appropriate schemes to facilitate access to such markets or trading on them by remote members or participants established in their territory.
can we rent this place for your wedding dinner?
integer value '% s'
there's got to be somebody!
dad, mom's waiting for you.
there might be a real battle unit, an elite cadre... though, for centuries underground, their minds and bodies must surely begin to gather.
wow, that's a lot of money.
you know what you have to do.
what do you mean?
oh, yeah?
"what do you think is the prettiest?"
you'll be home tomorrow morning, right?
just take note of who's not here.
i thought you were going home to rest.
director in film history, -
because you know, i'm not interested.
the devil in your body.
hey, does he like johnny cash or not?
2.2 european citizens and organised civil society pay much attention to the problem of industrial and mining waste.
well, be my guest.
we're gonna have a baby.
you know, the most prestigious christian prep in austin.
nodes
the expression "shape of the loaf" expresses the rectangular shape of the cheese.
can i play?
on the basis of the above, the provisional findings concerning the existence of a causal link between the material injury suffered by the union industry and the chinese dumped imports are confirmed.
it would be better...
i bought it online.
and everything could go wrong by taking on the outsider; it really wouldn't be worth it.
i think it's a bad idea.
33 on 5 october 2006, the council of the european union adopted council regulation (ec) no 1472 / 2006 on the imposition of a definitive anti-dumping duty on imports of certain footwear with a top of leather originating in the people's republic of china and vietnam and the final selection of the provisional duty imposed (oj l 275, p. 1, hereinafter referred to as "the contested regulation").
please don't say things like that.
the commission shall be empowered to adopt implementing acts in accordance with article 26 in order to define the format of the communication of the information on charges, its common symbol and the order in which the services referred to in article 3 (5) are presented in the communication of the charges.
oh, jack...
member states shall notify the commission on the fifth working day for the expiry of the period following the submission of applications, which have been submitted for each product of the group.
you won't be grateful to the peasants.
i designed you to take your head and put it in your body.
the dispute in the main proceedings and the questions referred for a preliminary ruling 10 the applicant in the main proceedings, 4finance, provides small values at a distance of a long loan.
"nowhere safe now."
od at at be bg cy cz de dk ee el es fi fr hu ie it lt it it lt lu lv mt nl pl pt ro se si sk uk information from the member states en official journal of the european union c 85 / 2008 on common rules for the operation of air services in the community public service obligations in connection with regular air services (text with eea relevance)
you hate tourists.
such a definition can indicate that the quantities of manure supplied are, in principle, actually intended to cover the fertilisation of the land concerned by the farmers concerned.
it's mr. kmicic!
what the fuck are you talking about?
now we're about to breathe a little bit better.
yeah, 'cause you knew i'd take out of france, and that's what i'm gonna do.
simizu turned and caught the arm of his forearm with his protected armor.
he reluctantly closed the pack and looked questioningly at the prisoners.
i have an important audition this afternoon.
all right, the license is ready.
"i can't separate myself from you now, john carter," she said fearfully.
he got claustrophobic.
we're gonna miss you.
we live on the edge.
costs 125 under article 138 (1) of the rules of procedure, the unsuccessful party is to be ordered to pay the costs if they have been applied for in the successful party's pleadings.
no, he just has a lot of work to do with the case.
you're the only one my name is.
it allows you to configure goom view (greater resolution will be more beautiful, but more difficult for cpu).
wait, i have a great catch.
it's perfect.
sir, i want the wave.
toots is dead.
i just want to make sure we're clear on this.
in my experience, people like you don't change.
well, maybe, now that it's our anniversary, he's started to think about it, and he wants to try again.
other novices see saints, or hear voices, calling them to god.
he has suffered numerous fractures that correspond to a fall from seven meters.
are you still doing this?
if you don't mind, clark, i'll disinfect the chair with smoke.
i'm very happy to announce that as a baker reviving the dead...... i give you one minute to confirm my partner's theory.
maria?
article 2, which defines the concept of "discrimination," provides:
mines from world war ii are blowing up, even if those who set them up are long dead.
then what does your teresa do?
"two hours after the arrest, was martin mcfly jr." convicted and sentenced to 15 years in a state prison? "
only if you wear these new pants.
hello, marlene from accounting!
we have principles here in the dogs.
he says evil comes when a good man fails.
it shall be prohibited to provide services directly related to tourism activities in crimea or sevastopol by nationals of member states or from the territory of the member states, or the use of vessels or aircraft falling within the competence of the member states.
auguste renoir painted the pair passing in the park.
that house there - "he pointed to a b building," has bars.
we'll be back in a few minutes with a heart-wrenching story... a blind boy from rhode island who lied to him...... and sold him a dead bird.
(air raid report) quick to hradka kings...
of course under the same "labeel."
it was a tremendous outpouring of spirit... and i'll stop bothering you.
run!
if community rules do not exist, the horizontal legislation of the member states on the safety of products, which impose a general obligation on operators in particular to place only safe products on the market, lead to a different level of consumer protection.
please, just... i'll give you whatever you want.
you want to wait?
i'm not afraid.
that obligation has the same scope as the obligation enshrined in article 253 ec.
he's going to new york.
just a monster.
we have access to the complete history of the nsa satellites.
how do you remove scar on yourface ?
what be a morgue assistant ?
how many math class be need for architecture ?
what baby do panda have ?
what be the seasonal fruit in summer ?
how many teaspoon cinnamon in a ounce ?
how much blood vessel do a earth worm have ?
what be do obstruction mean in netball ?
how be jaundice catch ?
how many calorie in pumpkin cheesecake slice ?
do insect fight to protect themselves ?
what be joe dimaggio autograph worth ?
how many judicial district in illinois ?
why be cluadius ptolemy famous ?
how be fruit transport overseas ?
how can you become a actress when you live in independence mo ?
what be the normal pulse rate for 7 year old child ?
what be like a caper ?
how do the constitution fix they weakness ?
why the colony of connecticut be found ?
ajust clutch on 1989 mazda b2200 ?
word with two d 's ?
how many pound of shrimp equal one gallon ?
what be the size of a bbq propane tank ?
how much do the earths moon weigh ?
heat treatment and fumigation how long be treatment good for ?
tracy mccrady career high ?
how many syllable do coat have in it ?
what level be a blackbelt ?
what be the biggest pyramid and how big ?
can you take suboxone and immediately take a zanax ?
length of nfl field ?
what be the substance of compound ?
what be the name of the federal electorate ?
how much bhp lamborginus murcelago ?
what be vietnam geography ?
how much do a trash collector make in texas ?
how can you plant a apricot seed ?
what be the type of ocean current that affect the us ?
what be need to become a musician ?
scope of strategy in a business organization ?
what be the price of milk in 1919 ?
what be the principle of confucianism ?
how heavy be a white squirrel ?
how many mile between lexington mississippus and houston texa ?
peralatan yang digunakan untuk membuat wau ?
what be the qualification to become a president and a vice president of the philippine government ?
which fingerprint pattern be most common ?
what be e-40 net worth ?
what be the number of beach in california ?
how much do rent usually cost for a 3 bedroom house ?
how much money be gold ?
how many people be in the austrilian military ?
how much money be nick cannon worth ?
how do you change razor scooter grip ?
when will toxic 2 nitrome come out ?
what be the tagalog of the lyric pamulinawen ?
the difference between recall and remember ?
in salt what content be more iodine or sodium ?
how many marike die at khe sahn ?
what be the hypha ?
how many step be meiosis typically accomplish in ?
who be some of ancient greek philosopher ?
how you can attract a sexy girl ?
what be need to become a locksmith in mich ?
how many window white house ?
where be the south america ocean on the map ?
how many elder be homeless ?
what be the traditional music play in argentina ?
what be the boiling point of antimony ?
how many kick per pull can you take for butterfly stroke ?
how many g do a battletron have ?
what be the symptom of a blind puppy ?
what be the oxidation number of tin in sno2 ?
how be market different from public relation ?
what be the size of a gray tuna fish ?
what be the symptom of high gas in the human body ?
why be the thermometer make ?
how can you use prominence in a sentence ?
how many blonde do it take the screw in a light bulb ?
how do you choose the best multivitamin for you ?
what be reflective acknowledgement ?
how much do rabie shot cost for puppy ?
be john cena single ?
how many calorie in 1.5 oz turkey ?
where be temple of the tooth ?
patrick stump from fall out boy ?
how do the atp-pc ssytem work ?
how much be the income of a kinesiologist ?
when be the wus fus gift ?
who be the american general during the mexican war ?
can you take tramadol and prozac together ?
what insect start with a e ?
who have connie chung date ?
how work kidney ?
how do you become a mod on platform race ?
how do a hookworm reproduce ?
be magic marker toxic ?
how many tablespoon equal a oz ?
how many time do a buddist pray ?
how many drive hr be jacksonville to ft myer florida ?
what be janet jacson number ?
you want to know much about bolton ?
how much money doe a border patrol agent do ?
how do you repair chip granite ?
which mammel be cover with skubbe ?
what be the bile duct use for ?
what be the two part of the small intestine ?
where do andy brigg live ?
what be the left ventricle of the heart ?
how many people in nepal be hindus ?
what complicate a backup ?
how many electron do bromide ?
how much do a baker get pay a hour ?
what movie be jason voorhee from ?
what r bifocal glass ?
meaning of rizal name ?
how do geography in fluence the the greek positively ?
how much will a cocker spaniel miniature poodle mix way full grow ?
2000 sacagewea gold dollar ?
how many platypus be there in the world ?
what promodizer do ?
what nhl rookie minimum salary ?
how big be a border collie ?
where be cam sensor on buick riviera 98 ?
how much be a dental crown in us ?
when do laura ingall wilder ma die ?
how many television channel be there in the 1920s ?
how much do female loin weigh ?
how many people in brisbane ?
what do sacajawea do for the people ?
sodium chloride mix in water soluble ?
what kind of insect live in a pond and beside the pond ?
how be nuclear waste dispose ?
how many seed do orange have ?
how many bone ina child body ?
what be the macromolecule for polysaccharide ?
how do you cross pollinate poinsettia ?
how many people ar efan of rihanna ?
how many goal have ronaldinho in he career ?
gilbert arenass phone number ?
what be the difference between yellow and green xanex bar ?
how many different species kkind of insect ae there ?
a bird that begin with you ?
most plant reproduce sexually produce new plant from ?
how do you replace heater core on cadillac 1997 ?
where do you find chimpchar ?
be ufo true or fiction ?
what be the lowest trench in the western hemisphere ?
where do a bromelaid live ?
ned kelly head cut off ?
how much be a dale earnhardt sr baseball worth ?
what be kebab in france ?
what do freemason do ?
what be the plural form of the word mattress ?
what cause the drought to happen in niger ?
what information do someone need to write a letter of recommendation ?
what be the australia national anthem ?
where be picture of oil drain plug ford focus 2007 ?
how do you add oil to a nissan ac compressor ?
how many fluid ounce in 2 gallon ?
how many month be 32weeks ?
how do you make you arm break easily ?
how do you apologize to a freind ?
how do you deal with bad boss ?
how do you download brush on photoshop cs2 ?
where dose emma twigg do trainn ?
what equipment do you need to make lipton ice tea ?
which animal be a horse predator ?
how many milligram in one milliliter ?
what be career that deal with baby ?
how much be a third in a measure cup ?
you be adjudicationand you record seal do you have to say you be arrest ?
how big or small be the planet compare to one another ?
science priciple behind the peri wheel ?
how many people be emplye in the oil sand industry ?
what event occur in san francisco ?
the science definition of solid ?
how much calorie be in three pancake ?
where do the endo 's live ?
how do you say steamed rice in chinese ?
what werethe award win by mark twain ?
monique colman email ?
how do worm grow and devolpe ?
abiotic mean the nonliving factor in a biome ?
what where beethoven 's brother name ?
how big be it the white house ?
how much brick cheese should you buy for one cup of shredded cheese ?
type of non conventional source of energy with definition ?
how do a spider breathe target equal blank ?
how many gallon for a jeep ?
the packaging of dna in a cell involve what ?
where can you find emancipation form ?
what be some great study tip ?
why be jerusalem important to the group who fight ?
how much be a morgan 1890 dollar coin worth ?
how do you disable the alarm system on a 1998 new beetle ?
what be brace color ?
what do you call the bump on the lino painting bench hook ?
how do you replace 91 suziki tensioner pully ?
how can you help the coral triangle ?
how do you improve you sparring in karate ?
what be the repossession law for new jersey ?
fundamental assumption of the field of organizational behavior ?
how do you sell theater ticket on ebay ?
how much do a doctor earn in boston ?
what be the longitude for palm spring ?
when be brimham rocks formed ?
how big you sthe eiffel tower ?
what be the ignition timing for 1988 toyota pickup ?
you each pich a of juicy grape from the vine ?
of greek root which of the follow word most likely mean a outer layer of skin ?
how much can hamster see ?
how many mole do 12.3 gram of co2 have ?
what be the highest pointin mississippus ?
what be the weight of the average 4 grader ?
how many nanometer be in the world ?
traveller racism in ireland ?
where to get the r4 for the d ?
how many inch be in 7900 mile ?
information about roller coasters ?
how do you get rid of a itchy head ?
how many millmeter be there in 6.5 centimeter ?
where be the thermostat on a 1992 toyota corolla ?
where can you get a pet seal ?
how do plant store energy ?
what be unbound format ?
what be some altertion you can make to food preperation ?
where be jenolan cave ?
how many time can the server catch a poorly throw toss in volleyball ?
how do you separate oxygen from air by cool ?
the color of eris know as xena ?
how far can a tsunamie go ?
what be the scooby doo theme song lyric ?
how much mass do the sun make ?
anna university tirunelvelus mtech 5 year intergrate ?
what do they somalia do for money ?
what be to be evaluate in teaching process ?
where do snail stay ?
who be the honor of mission san diego ?
how do you charge a hp camera ?
when year and date be st patrick bear ?
what kind of meaning do proverb have ?
be alien dangerous or nice ?
what the cause of american revolution ?
what date be robert menzy a prime minister ?
what be snail fav work out ?
how much do a administrative assistant earn in tampa florida ?
what book do c lewi rite ?
where do yack live ?
what type of skeletal system do flatworm have ?
what be the value of a 1928 us five dollar bill ?
how do you get rid of blackness between leg ?
how do a atom become a charged particle ?
how much meat can a t - rex eat ?
how do you improve literacy and education ?
how many mile be it between florence and rome ?
how do sport from the 1880s affect you lifestyle today ?
what be fact about cornsnake ?
what be silt and how it be cause ?
when you be pregnant do tattoo stretch ?
what do the baba yaga eat ?
what cause pressur in fluid ?
how many cup of corn starch be there in 400 gram ?
how many sea turtle or leave ?
the benefit of biology ?
firing order for ford 390 ?
how do you get rid of yellow tooth when you drink tea ?
officail language of guinea-bissau ?
how many man jennifer love hewitt love they ?
ow many nhl team be there ?
do miranda cosgrovew have foster parent ?
what be the summary of the judaism creation story ?
what be the part of a pipe organ ?
be jacob hoggard marry to tammy 2009 ?
which episode be blaze the cat in ?
what do abor ham lincon do to help the country ?
how much caffiene do hot chocolate have ?
who be all the famous vermonter ?
how do catch arcue ?
what be the buddha wife name ?
where can you catch pichu in daimond ?
what be hybrid channel ?
how do you change on 1990 plymouth laser ?
what be some chemical characteristic of nitrogen ?
be costco store open on easter ?
can you freeze un cook potato ?
what new discovery they find on space ?
average life span for american male ?
what color be ameba ?
can you have miley cyrus number to contact she ?
what be the type of a bunsen burner ?
how long do it take to cook a pizza ?
what kindsof landform be there in antarctica ?
what be the role of special interest group ?
how many ounce of meat will give 6 gram of protein ?
puzzle number 141 proffessor laton and pandora box ?
what be the purpose of labor organization ?
what be the real fact of the history of cheerleading ?
what kind of degee do you need to become a cartoon artist ?
smallest horse in america ?
must a city have a state charter of incorportion ?
what do abraham lincoln position on slavery ?
how do king jame become king ?
what happen when osteoporosis go throw people and people get disease ?
how do you add quaver to mario composer ?
what be allegory and be characteristic ?
what motorcycle do evel knievel use to jump ?
how do you change the ball joint on a 1998 ford escort ?
why use stratified random sampling ?
how much do a 1987 mustang weigh ?
be you a doofus ?
do missense mutation affect the protein production ?
whyare frog cold boold ?
how many proton neutron and electron do a sulfide ion have ?
what currency be 32000 tl ?
be fish secondary consumer ?
popular teenage book in the 1940s ?
be enzyme make up of sugar ?
number of proton in antimony ?
1200 l equal how many kl ?
how much be richard petty worth ?
how many pierced ear do demi lovato have ?
why do michael jackson wear armed band ?
how do you say ok in jamaican ?
which website allow free download of english song ?
gametophyte cell haploid or monoploid ?
how do you replace a vw headlight bulb for a 2000 beetle ?
how do you download crash overide in dragonfable ?
how many tooth be in the shark ?
how many calorie in a tb of butter ?
similar structure on nucleuse and nucleolus ?
what be a nother name for a astriod ?
spot burn of fat on you face ?
be katy marry ?
what be the syllabus for class-7 in bhaskar genius ?
what be the swift code for unicredit banca di roma in lucca ?
where do pediatrcian work ?
be it sexy to watch lesbian have sex ?
wood or charcoal which be better fuel ?
be kristen stewart really a vegetarian ?
how do you find out yard into square yard ?
be mathematics use in architecture ?
which store have bakugan ?
train to become a criminal lawyer ?
what sugar do for baked goods ?
what be the sign of a bad distributor ?
how do you remove door panel from 2000 pontiac grand be ?
be amphibian cover with scale ?
how many mandir be they in the uk ?
why be they able to defeat the roman empire ?
be there any museum or place name after edison ?
crews worked to install a new culvert and repave the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel.
what be two film that tim burton write ?
where be gengar in the haunt house ?
how many point have lebron jame ever ?
how do you replace fuel filter on toyota camry 4cylinder 1989 ?
what degree taylormade r7 draw sand wedge ?
how many carb in two cup of watermelon ?
when the first gas engine be invent ?
how do they celebrate christmas in austrailum ?
what largest object the sacre-coeur house ?
how many people kill charle manson ?
what be some important fact about camera ?
how much unemployment do va pay ?
what be fauna and flarara ?
how can you get zcard ?
30 gram be the same as 1oz ?
how many volcno be in californium ?
how many tooth and bone do crocodile have ?
how do you change diverter in temtrol ?
what be the two way to get hayabusa armor on halo 3 ?
the culture of islamic extremist ?
what be the three main kind of earths plate ?
how many seat do wembaly hold ?
what be the good insulator on a vacuum flask ?
how effective be a apache ?
how could you tell that granite be form by look at a lump of it ?
how will the eu effect asda ?
how big be a germ in zeptometer ?
would ray ray in mindless group go wth girl that be 10 ?
german doctor angel of death ?
what be the seven longest river in africa ?
what be the traditional drink in brazil ?
what can you do to save the whale shark ?
tectonic plate boundary be classify as what ?
how much do oxygen cost per cubic meter ?
what be the name of the strait that istanbul be locate on ?
how many fluid ounce be there in 18 gram ?
these biome be characterize by how much rainfall occur ?
how many eye do the octopus have ?
how many calorie in a slice of whole wheat pizza ?
what be some good kid website for age 9-12 ?
what be the factor affect absorption ?
what be the importance and function of poetry ?
who invent a student council ?
how long do it take to become a medical diagnostician ?
how much would it cost to go to university ?
how much do you get pay yearly from commercial pilot ?
how many gram do two liter of water have ?
what planet hasthe greatest visual magnitude ?
how do henri matisse become famous ?
what be the difference between subtractive and additive color ?
what be the population of moscow in figure ?
why be concrete angel write ?
how many leg can jellyfish have ?
how many race do bobby allison start ?
hwo long be the ganges river ?
how many time have jennifer aniston be marry ?
who be aaron burr 's kid ?
how can pollution cause disesess ?
how do scientist define star ?
how many gram of sugar be in a pint of scotch ?
how do martin luther 1500 's die ?
what do do if hair get tangle ?
number of atom in a molecule of methane ?
amazing intrest fact about dog ?
you want to buy a whole cow ?
what kind of poetry do edgar allan poe write ?
what be tourism product of indium ?
how many mile be it from boston to san diego california ?
social phobia be usually cause by fear of ?
what restaurant do darden own ?
where the follower of christianity pray ?
where can you get a teen magazine ?
where be the waterpumpon a 1998 chevy cavalier ?
radio removal isuzu rodeo 1995 ?
in recent historythe ussr be the we s enemy do you know what ussr stand for ?
how msny mile be washington ?
can a deer be friend with a fox ?
what be russium 's current prime minister and president ?
how do you wash a color baseball cap with the hat fitter ?
how many round be there in boxing match ?
when and where do the plague end ?
how be a fund flow statement prepare ?
how many gram be in 12 oz ?
how much do 1 cup of powder sugar weigh ?
how much be a rookie crosby card worth ?
how do you use spectophotometer ?
self-esteem - be it acquire ?
what be some good fact about colombium ?
how can you get a broom stick to fly ?
how many calorie be in 1 cup of fruit ?
how many milk tooth be there for a baby ?
be cleavage mitosis ?
what be joules time joule ?
wher do jackie robinson get he education ?
with convection heat be the basement warmer ?
how many valence electron rubidium have ?
when be tactical assian3 come ?
how much do you tip a bartender ?
how many electoiral vote do michigan have ?
how long do it take for benadryl to work ?
when do dicken 's wife leave he ?
pro and con on genetic testing ?
how much do orthopedic dentist earn ?
what be cool thing about canada ?
what be some good zinger ?
how do you get sonic in sanandrea ?
be michael phelps father alive ?
what be the radio code for a renault clio ?
do hamster eat grape or banana ?
how do you cheat it binweevil ?
how many seat in the new giant stadium ?
how much calorie be 34 of brown sugar ?
how many hour in 24 day ?
nyse ticker symbol for texaco corp ?
what can scratch a stell file and glass ?
how do they ray behave ?
how many protein be in atp ?
how much do 4000.00 in quarter weigh ?
how do you face through exam ?
how many calorie in 12 donut hole ?
what be the spotty thing on you bruise ?
what be crime in nigeria ?
be obama a like or dislike person ?
when be a citadel use for meeting ?
what light zone do stingray live in ?
mention the diameter of earth ?
how many square foot in ten square acre ?
have vodka get any sugar in it ?
how do black swan protect itself ?
what be difference between binary and ternary ?
how many square foot be 220 acre ?
can a human die of fear ?
how many square yard be in 108 square foot ?
how do the p wave and s wave differ ?
where do you find a muscovite mineral ?
how many people do argentina have ?
teaspoon per three fourth cup ?
how do you beat llevel 11 on construction fall ?
how do you remove the door panel on 1999 mazda protege ?
how do human evolve from caveman ?
classification of mixture ?
what breed of well know pony be there ?
what be the significance of lemon grass ?
how be fashion industry change ?
how many mile from atlanta to alabama ?
where do the braken fern grow ?
how many kilogram do the first computer weigh ?
how many page do you get in a dictionary ?
who evolve into glalie ?
in torn city where can you buy kodachus sword ?
what be hand sanitizer make of ?
sperm be a blood ?
who invent bluetooth and how ?
how long do it take to be a divorce lawyer ?
how much do infant cereal cost for a three month old baby ?
what be the first award for marie curie ?
where can you find free you doser dose ?
can you give a dog pseudoephedrine sulfate ?
how many puppy can any dog have ?
where be tina turner son today ?
what be condensation give a example ?
how many hour do it take to drive from philadelphium to west virginium ?
on mln how do you get the giant hat blueprint ?
where can a 13 go on 14 get a job in columbus ga ?
biotic factor in the savannah ?
browning a-5 shotgun manual ?
how far away from england be japan in mile ?
what be the different nutrient and source ?
what important idea be there in the book of ecclesiastes ?
how many pound be there in a kilogram ?
be there a town call kookaburra ?
when do jame roday and maggie lawson break-up ?
comment on the home by rabindranath tagore ?
do second life cost ?
how much do heavy weight boxer get pay per fight ?
on fancy pants 2 how do you beat the angry rabbit ?
how many penguin ar erleft in the world ?
how many ml be in a cup of corn oil ?
what be the primary function of immoral immunity ?
how much do a white highland terrier cost ?
what be the meaning of volume and weight ?
what do rainbow bird eat ?
what be physical feature that help sea sponge survive ?
what happen to dinosaur when they be extinct ?
how many seconds in 6 minute and 40 seconds ?
do shrimp live in group ?
legal issue of adida in history ?
what kind of cell be host to a bacteriophage ?
what be mercury compon of ?
be chimpanzee a mammal ?
how many movie do charlton heston ?
how many habbita have be destroy ?
be johnny nitro still wrestle ?
what be katherine dunham 's kid 's name ?
which percentage of people practice muslim in fiji ?
why be martin forbisher famous ?
how do you heal a deep cut on a finger ?
what be init process ?
what can helium do to you voice ?
how do you check cv axle in 1997 chevy blazer ?
be cooking spaghetti a chemical change ?
what kingdom be a rotifera ?
where you get mat form ?
be there a ar code on change shaymin into its sky form on diamond ?
how many millimeter be in 80 centimeter ?
who be frankie j ?
what be the part of a grasshopper mouth ?
woman wearing green dress
football players practicing some plays.
the children have blue tricycles
boys are playing a soccer game and one tries to make a goal.
a woman and a gentleman are in a their own car.
men are looking at a yellow tractor.
the men are at work.
the girls are saluting the soldier.
a boy jumps into the air on a very busy street.
the kids are playing in the ground
the three people are under a bridge.
two children are playing
the men are naked.
police are making an arrest.
there is a large audience watching him.
three guys are outside playing soccer.
the car is moving fast.
marathon runners race to the finish.
two men are gardeners
a photgrapher kneeling
the girls are at a recital.
men mopping the floors at the museum.
two dogs in the grass.
the laptop computers are made out of water.
discarded things lay on the ground.
the man is inside.
a person stands in a concrete block and has a tool
a woman in a pink dress is running through the rain.
the stereo that the man is holding is large.
the woman hates having her picture taken.
a man drives a tractor towing a cart of hay.
a woman fulfills watches her offspring.
women are having lunch together.
two people are working on a car.
a construction worker is climbing a scaffold.
a lady is getting up from a pew in a church with stained glass windows.
the man is reading a book.
three women are walking to church
a man in a parade rides a brown horse
a young girl poses as her photographer mother takes her picture
the rain coat is keeping him dry.
fans watch people ski in a competition.
a toddler is laying in the grass.
casual man standing downtown.
a person wearing all black in the woods.
a man is disconnected from his parachute.
a bird lands in water.
the bears in the desert appear angry.
a woman speaking in front of a old, blue chevy malibu.
two women are watching a man work.
a dirt biker is competing in a race.
the babies are riding in strollers.
three prisoners in orange jackets and pants clean up trash with a wheelbarrow.
a man is using a vacuum cleaner.
a boy is amusing himself.
a swimmer smiles while beneath the water.
there are two brothers who ordered the food from mc donalds
a group of friends are drinking at a bar
a girl wearing a hat is sitting outdoors.
a child is playing in the snow.
children can be seen walking by through the train window.
there are people eating.
there are two canines and a feline.
the man is well dressed.
a man is playing a guitar on stage.
the bride is wearing white.
the workers are working hard.
a dog is playing in the mud with a pig.
people are dancing
two  girls and a guy are running side by side.
three people are playing hockey in uniforms.
young people at a family reunion.
the couple stopped off for fast food on the way to parents home.
the boys are friends.
the trailer is empty.
the person is a girl.
a man and a baby are together
two workers operate a crane.
new workers showed up today to fix a sinkhole in the road.
the man is dressed very seriously.
while holding a wooden instrument with carvings a man observes the details
dog playing with bone
there are three skateboarders.
the woman shows the man a clipboard.
the girl is getting pictures done for modeling.
a surfer is in the ocean
the people are on the sofa watching tv
kids are playing outdoors.
there is a bunch of dolls sitting on a table with a little girl in front of them.
nobody is talking.
in this photo, a man dressed in a tuxedo gives a talk.
a conductor gives a man a tour.
a barrel of monkeys is enjoying a busch gardens ride.
2 women sit across from one another in a hospital waiting room
it is springtime.
a boy throwing a baseball to his dad.
an asian woman is playing cards.
a guy in protective gear is smiling at someone.
a person is standing on the beach.
on a quiet dirt path a group of people carry a sign depicting different animals.
a woman sits in front of a computer while another woman points to the screen.
a basketball game with spectators is underway.
two boys are tearing the flowers out of the ground.
a boy is playing laser tag.
the two dogs are sitting down.
the people are inside.
a person walks by a mural.
someone is doing laundry.
the man is standing in water.
a man waiting to play basketball.
basketball players play the game
an animal is on the grass.
how many women could save enough out of the housekeeping devices with your beautiful mink coat such as this?
a man swimming in the ocean.
a man is operating a floor buffer.
a small dog is in some sand.
several young people are friends hanging out.
the woman is using the telescope
two women running in opposite directions
seven men talking about new photographs in a book.
four people are walking outside.
the man is doing community service.
a dog laying on a red blanket.
a man is playin the guitar.
a man is frowning in a car.
a man is holidng a drink
a man is taking pictures.
the giraffe's fur pattern has spots and lines.
he is a woman.
some bored people
the people are at the cabin sleeping
the adults are playing a board game.
patient under surgery by doctor
a cookout event has just ended abruptly as the new grilling machine catches fire
there is a man in line.
the volleyball players are all men
a child slides down the sliding board at the park.
a woman diving into a pool.
the last game of the wimbledon tournament of 2014.
a man is performing outside.
the african americans are studying together outside.
two men and two women are sitting on a bench in the nude, discussing terms.
people cheer on at the little league baseball game.
a woman is thin in stature.
a group of people are wearing business attire
a person sitting on the sidewalk photographed at an angle that makes him look headless.
there is a female wearing jewelry
the woman is outside a bikers club.
two men climb a mountain.
a dog is playing chase in his garden.
a man welds metal together in a metalworking shop.
a man wearing purple sunglasses, tye-dyed shirt, khaki shorts, and with a ponytail, walks past a nail salon.
the man intentionally sat on the ball.
a man is shopping.
a woman is sitting
a doctor is working
a yellow car is driving in a blizzard.
a person in ripped jeans and a black shirt rests on a hardwood floor.
man carrying straw.
a player rests in the dugout.
the kid is wearing swim trunks
the kids are playing together.
a dog jumps.
the man in a red polo waves at the cameraman.
a little girl is wearing a clean yellow dress.
people are running past the flowers.
a person is taking a picture of another person.
a man is wearing a red apron.
girl runs down street
there is a tent, a man, and a canoe.
a man wears a cowboy hat.
there are some dancers.
the man is a mechanic
people eating their dinner
the rain made a mud puddle.
the people are in church.
the man is painting a house green.
a woman is outside at night.
a man in a parade playing drums while celebrating the independence of america.
2 kids eating a crab sandwich
a musician in black
the man is athletic.
three blond girls working on a rooftop together.
a small terrier is sleeping
the stroller is moving.
two women looking into the distance on a golf course.
the boy is smiling
the girls were near a wagon.
a woman is trying on shoes.
a mother is sliding with her child.
a scottish man is afraid of strong winds.
three women talking on a bench.
a man is inside playing with rocks
a boy kneels down to dig in his backpack to find his dumptruck.
a boy is wearing football gear.
the jockey is with her horse.
a crowd is watching a black male performance dressed in black.
a punk rocker in cowboy shirt
the picture doesn't show any animals.
the man is standing in the attic opening.
a man smoking while watching tv
people are at the bus station
a person tugs on a donkey, trying to get it to go.
the dogs are siblings.
a truck being loaded with food.
a lady walks home from the market in a black coat while carrying shopping bags.
a man leaves a grocery store after buying apples.
the man is selling the world.
the city is abandoned.
a man without glasses is reading a box.
the young men are sitting on grass.
the children are waiting for their turn on the blue skateboard.
people chopping down a tree.
there is an orange dog.
three people are surfing at the beach.
three men in black covertly deal with aliens
the women are standing alone at a park.
the girl is jealous of the mountains.
there is a child playing.
the children are getting ready for a fire drill.
the group on stage is performing for the first time.
the people are eager to watch what comes next
a man drinks hot cocoa in the lodge
a football player celebrates a play
the man is riding his bike past the bus stop.
some people are  rafting down the rapids.
the boy is riding a bmx bike.
a girl is frowning because her atvs are being chewed on by alligators
women swimming in a pool.
a man is having fun in the water.
the people are waiting for the movie to begin.
the person is in the air.
woman plays soccer
a girl plays at a water park.
a crowd of humans.
four men in a boat sail across the river
two men are riding bikes.
the child is sitting in the backseat of the car driving home from the park.
boys are warming up before soccer practice.
a couple is cleaning the back ward
a kid is looking at various products while his mother shops.
the waterskier was near sailboats.
an orchestra prepares for their opening night show.
people learn diving skills.
a person is eating ice cream.
four men perform on stage in front of an audience.
men with tubas and trombones perform on stage.
a kid is waiting for the bus.
the pet is taking a shower.
a group of friends play a game of cards.
two men are in a temple.
a big biker jumping.
a boy running outdoors.
the group of teens watch as a street performer demonstrates his fire breathing technique.
two people are serving steak.
a brunette woman wearing dark glasses and a red blouse is eating
a woman is going swimming after playing with a frisbee.
the little girl is outdoors.
the dog was in the water getting his monthly bath
some children staring
the machine is small
a person is sleeping at a water park
two women are grocery shopping.
a boy is combing his hair.
a cat is sleeping on a couch.
girls are playing electronic darts.
a little girl is holding two zara blue bags.
a person having a meal.
an adult and kid are on the beach.
all the men are caucasian.
the female is playing basketball.
some appliances are on a kitchen corner.
two girls are taking pictures on a pathway.
the people are waiting for a plane.
the people are paddling down the river
the woman is walking to work.
a man takes a picture of another man's eyes
a man is paddling in the river.
a black dog is jumping with a stick.
the women are wearing saris
two girls wash their feet.
a biker is standing in a house
the man is with news crew.
the woman is walking a tightrope high in the sky.
the woman and man were watching tv
a husband and wife are dancing in a museum.
he is at the mic near the signage.
a family is at a shop display.
a boy is trying to cool off on a really hot day.
the moon is out and it's raining.
a woman looks at an airplane overhead
a bunch of people gathered together for an event.
people are swimming in the ocean.
the man is wearing clothes.
elderly people eating lunch in a mall food court.
a man has a cup of coffee
three men work under the hood of a white race car.
a dog is running around on the hot summer beach.
the skateborder is resting on the bench
the man is having fun.
a guy is trying to get the perfect picture to put on facebook.
a woman does the dishes.
a man is sitting outside.
a man dies of alcohol posioning.
a hockey player is playing with a puck.
people are watching a rodeo with a man on a bucking horse holding on tightly so he won't fall.
the workers are  standing outside.
a women is demonstrating a gliding frisbee
a guy stands on a lake shore.
two men are wearing shirts.
a man is riding.
a piece of art is outside for people to admire.
a crowd of people walking up and down.
two people are outdoors together.
a dog is chasing another dog in the water.
a large number of people walk or rest near a dragon.
a guy in a vehicle carries three people in a large basket device
the dog is a puppy poodle
a man stands alone playing guitar.
the man is running home
a child sits down in front of the cotton candy machine.
the man is wearing body armour.
a group of friends at the park.
men under canopies
a girl swimming.
they young boys are brothers.
some people are playing their musical instruments.
the two men in white and orange jumpsuits skydived during snowy weather.
a black dog walked into shallow water.
a female is sitting down.
a skier takes a treacherous route down the mountain.
three people paddled the boat.
a very bored man is talking on the intercom to the airplane pilots as they come in for a routine landing at the airport.
a man is waiting inside the restaurant.
dog fetching frisbee with owner.
the men are working on a pool.
nobody is wearing a costume.
the girl throws water balloons at the runners.
a woman is smiling while trying on jewelry.
a man walks on the sidewalk and is heading to the water to take a swim.
the men are stacking cheese
a few fit men are seen taking a cup of water while on bikes.
a boy is sitting on concrete.
two small children are playing in a sand box.
boy thinks he sees treasure
there are a lot of people listening to the band.
four american women skiing.
there is a person skiing and he fell and hurt himself
an animal in a vehicle is potentially unsafe.
a person is reading a magazine on a sidewalk.
the group of people are singing "happy birthday" and eating cake.
a woman is drinking the juice of a coconut with a straw.
the boy is sleeping at home
a human conducting.
an asian girl is swimming in a lake.
a woman is blowing smoke.
a woman in her garden.
the man is planning on eating pretzels.
six men await the judge
a man takes a break from work.
the boys are indoors sitting down.
a girl diving into a pool.
the postal carrier takes the letter from a woman.
the people are black.
there is a man riding a bmx bike
the man is holding a rock.
two men sparring.
a woman waits in a public area while people go by
a lady is cooking for her family.
it is snowing outside.
a group of people chilling in lawn chairs in the summer
a guy is riding a bicycle.
two girls take in the panarama.
someone walks in the snow.
a child is playing tennis.
the man and woman are in a car.
there are people outdoors happily talking about sports
there are two men surfing.
the couple are sitting on a ledge listening to two men entertaining them
a child is using a telescope.
a tall human sitting.
the man is being watched.
the married couple rides the twister ride
two women are sitting together on a chairlift.
a boy loves fall
a woman wears a scarf.
a man is wearing a blue shirt.
a little girl holds a little boy
there is a gorilla on the billboard.
the girls are the man's daughters.
nobody has a costume
a married couple is on their vacation.
she is singing in front of a large audience.
the woman is looking at the large plate of food and thinking she can share her plate with her kids for less money.
a man is looking at himself in a mirror.
a group of workers taking their lunch break.
two men are being paid to do a job.
went to dinner at a restaurant the other day.
the man is standing
the athletes play a sport.
people are at a cookout talking and laughing.
the game goers were wearing hats.
a indian man is using a microphone
people cross the street.
a girls picks flowers
a man reads poetry
